Headline: Charlie Hurt: If government pays people to stay home they will
Sub-headline: No sub-headline found

  close 
     Video  Charlie Hurt: If government pays people to stay home they will 
'Special Report' panel debate the reason for low April jobs numbers 
This is a rush transcript from "Special Report," May 7, 2021. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: This is progress. And it's atestament to our new strategy of a growing this economy from the bottom upand the middle out. And it's a clear testament to why it's so needed. Somecritics said that we didn't need the American Rescue Plan, that thiseconomy would just heal itself. Today's report just underscores, in myview, how vital the actions we're taking are.SEN. PAT TOOMEY, (R-PA): Obviously very disappointing numbers this morning.We are getting a little Orwellian when it comes to the language we hearfrom this administration sometimes. I'm hoping this is an anomaly that wesee with this disappointing jobs number, and that we will be back on a muchmore robust path in the coming weeks and months.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: Well, the president saying this is just part of the progress in theplan for the U.S. economy and that it's on the right track. Republicans,other experts saying this was a really bad jobs report, 266,000 jobs added,6.1 percent unemployment rate. They were expecting 975,000 jobs added forApril, maybe even a million.What about this and the state of the U.S. economy and where we are headed?Let's bring in our panel, Charles Hurt, opinion editor for "The WashingtonTimes," Harold Ford Jr., former Tennessee Congressman, CEO of Empowermentand Inclusion Capital, and Jonah Goldberg, editor in chief of "TheDispatch." Jonah, every White House tries to do a little spin. This wasmajor spin if you are missing it by 900,000 jobs.JONAH GOLDBERG, "THE DISPATCH": Yes. This was the kind of spin that yourisk internal torsion for. Daniel Patrick Moynihan used to use a phrasecalled "iatrogenic government." And it was a reference to when doctorstrying to treat a problem actually create problems.There is a lot of -- there is a lot of reason to be concerned that theoverly excessive unemployment insurance is actually dampening down demandfor jobs. Not demand from employers but from people not willing to give upvery generous and not -- in many cases necessary -- benefits. And it's avery weird spin from this administration to say that they have spenttrillions on creating jobs, bragging about the jobs, and then when the jobsdon't materialize, they immediately say, well, that means we have to spendtrillions more.BAIER: Yes, and so that issue about unemployment benefits keeps on comingup, and the White House keeps on pushing back. In fact, the treasurysecretary was out, White House press secretary being asked these questionsabout unemployment benefits. Take a listen.(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JANET YELLEN, TREASURY SECRETARY: Starting up an economy again, trying toget it back on track after a pandemic in which there were a lot of supplybottlenecks is going to be, I think, a bumpy process. But I really don'tthink the major factor is the extra unemployment.JEN PSAKI, WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: Though some individual employersmay be experiencing increased difficulty finding workers, we haven't seen -- widespread labor shortages are not yet evident in the data.(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: I'm not sure, Harold, how they can say that as far as -- we arehearing anecdotally from a lot of businesses around the country that arehaving a hard time finding workers.HAROLD FORD JR., FORMER TENNESSEE REPRESENTATIVE: That very well could bethe case. But I served in Congress 10 years, and these big moments remindme of times when both parties do the easy thing. They both retreat to thesound and fury and the talking points of the moment.We should be organizing everything we do economically, everything we dofrom a national security standpoint, around the words from our secretary ofstate, former, the words of our former CIA director and secretary ofdefense Bob Gates who you had on just the other night. This is about achallenge with China. Don't get me wrong, I'm not suggesting that there arenot some issues with the employment force and finding ways to incentivizepeople going back to work, but this is a small moment in a huge featurefilm here. If we don't figure out ways to invest in the things that we needto invest in for the next five to 10 to 15 to 20 years of a battle, of anew cold war, then we are kidding ourselves.And if we don't find ways to do what Mr. Shriver said a little while agoabout how we find ways to come together, which means that Joe Biden oughtto be focused on a bipartisan deal on infrastructure. He has done thethings he had to do with his own party. It's now time to advance somethingthat's going to advance the country with broad support, even if that meanscoming down from the $1.9 trillion which Democrats have laid out from theoutset.BAIER: Well, listen, Harold, the fact that you have a lot of people on WallStreet now saying that the market improved today because they saw the badjobs report and said, well, that takes away the concern about theoverheating that a lot of people were worried about, that they are justpumping tons and tons of money in here and then that it was going to besuper charged. It still may, but that was one of the reasons people thoughtthe markets went up today.FORD: It might have been. But if we are going to be in the business tryingto predict what moves these markets, when President Trump was elected thatnight, it dropped, and it rose again later the next morning. So the marketcan correct itself quickly.I think what the market wants is some predictability, stability. And I canpromise you this -- if we don't find ways to counter, compete with, andshow that we can beat China, our market won't respond favorably in thelong-term.BAIER: Charlie, what about this today, big picture?CHARLES HURT, OPINION EDITOR, "THE WASHINGTON TIMES": Well, I think thatwithout a doubt you can't ignore the fact that one thing that a lot ofpeople are not talking about right now is that the jobs numbers has to beaffected somewhat by the fact that so many schools are still closed and alot of families plan their working schedule around schools. And whenschools are closed it's kind of hard for you to work.But there is no doubt that when you pay people to stay home and not work,if the federal government does that then people are going to stay home andnot work. And the idea that somebody like Janet Yellen is going to sitthere and argue that that has no effect, she really should get out of thebusiness of economics, because I'm not an economist, but obviously if thegovernment is going to pay you to do something, people are going to do it.But I think the most startling thing about all of this is to look at theenthusiasm on Wall Street and listen to somebody like Joe Biden talk abouthow this is all great news when, obviously, it's not great news. Andhonestly, I think that what Wall Street is seeing is they look at thesouthern border and they see thousands and thousands of people, they viewthat as cheap labor coming across the border, and that's why they thinkthat this is so great. It doesn't bother them that Americans are not goingback to work, not finding good employment, not finding good jobs, as longas they get cheap labor coming into this country. And Joe Biden is doingnothing to stop it, that's great for them, as far as their concerned.BAIER: Yes, I don't think a lot of people are surprised when people thatmake more by staying home are choosing to stay home.All right, winners and losers here. Jonah?GOLDBERG: My winner this week are the divorce attorneys for Bill andMelinda Gates. They are going to do just great. And my loser is Washington,D.C., Mayor Muriel Bowser who has decided that in order to prime theeconomy she is going to cast D.C. as the set for the new version of"Footloose" by banning dancing.(LAUGHTER)BAIER: All right, Harold, winner and loser?FORD: My winner is the Detroit River -- that was good, Jonah. My winner isthe Detroit River and the sturgeon fish family. Seven feet, 240 pounds,huge and experienced, 100 years old. This female fish was found back in1900. There were 500,000 sturgeon in the Detroit River. Today only 7,000.But the U.S. Fish and Wildlife preservation believe this find means goodthings.My loser, those governors who want to stop people from voting, Florida,Texas. Let's win on ideas, not by suppressing the vote.BAIER: All right, Charlie, winner and loser?HURT: Winner is the Olympian formerly known as Bruce Jenner who is one ofthe greatest athletes of all time, made a name for himself that way, andnow looks like maybe on a path to become California's first femalegovernor, which is truly, truly remarkable. Only in California.Loser of the week are the pharmaceutical companies who perform miracles byinventing these vaccines. Joe Biden is colluding with the World HealthOrganization to strip them of their patents. File that under no good deedgoes unpunished.BAIER: There you go. Panel, sounds good. Thank you. Make it a greatweekend.When we come back, "Notable Quotables."(COMMERCIAL BREAK)BAIER: It's Friday, you know what that means, "Notable Quotables."(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)JOE BIDEN, (D) PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: I think of one thing, Ithink of jobs, jobs, jobs.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It looks like a big disappointment at 266. But maybe Ihave that wrong. Yes, 266 is correct.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: We have not gotten to this if it were still the lastpresident.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Really? That's hard to believe because the lastpresident was saying I want every kid back in school.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I didn't like virtual.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: You didn't?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: No.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: If you were like really tired, then we could take alittle nap.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: It's clear that not enough is being done. Arizona isbearing the brunt of this crisis.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Trillions of cicadas are coming. Some people actuallyeat them. I'm not one of them.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Here you go Mexican racist. You are always going to bea Mexican. You'll never be white. You know that right?UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Maybe you go home and kiss your grandmother and wind upkilling your grandmother.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The Taliban are gaining ground every single day.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: The most urgent challenge that we face is COVID-19.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We're prohibiting private money from basically runningthe elections like these Zucker-bucks.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Liz Cheney's greatest offense apparently is she isprincipled and she believes in the truth.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I can change a diaper with one hand and console acrying toddler with the other.UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I don't want people leading this state. I feel like I'mon a big white horse riding into the state and saying hey, stay, stay.UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I hate to admit this yes. I don't shower that muchanymore.(LAUGHTER)(END VIDEO CLIP)BAIER: There you go, one week.Monday on SPECIAL REPORT, we take an in-depth work at the Virginia'sgovernor race as Republican candidates line up for a chance to bring thatstate, the commonwealth, back into the red column.Thanks for inviting us into your home tonight. That's it for this SPECIALREPORT, fair, balanced, and still unafraid. Got a busy week ahead nextweek. Make it a great weekend. FOX NEWS PRIMETIME hosted by Pete Hegseththis week starts right now. Hey, Pete.Content and Programming Copyright 2021 Fox News Network, LLC. ALLRIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2021 VIQ Media Transcription, Inc. Allmaterials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may notbe reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcastwithout the prior written permission of VIQ Media Transcription, Inc. Youmay not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice fromcopies of the content.   