Headline: Tillis: Amy Coney Barrett will be a complement to the Supreme Court
Sub-headline: No sub-headline found

  close 
     Video  Tillis: Amy Coney Barrett will be a complement to the Supreme Court 
Senate Judiciary Committee member joins 'The Story' ahead of Senate confirmation vote 
This is a rush transcript from “The Story Martha MacCallum" October 26, 2020. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated.

MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Hey there Bret. Good to see you tonight. 
Good evening everybody. I'm Martha MacCallum and this is THE STORY on 
October 26. We have 8 days until the election. Voting is well under way, 
across this country, 62 million people have already voted and tonight 
President Trump's support is just about within four points of Joe Biden and 
that is according to the battleground states average at Real Clear 
Politics. 

You've got 55.5 to 49.5 and that's a collection of the six states that are 
most likely to swing this election; Pennsylvania, Arizona, Wisconsin, 
Florida along with North Carolina and Michigan so today the incumbent 
worked Pennsylvania very hard, barnstorming all day long from Allentown 
this morning, mid-day rally in Lititz, Pennsylvania and then this afternoon 
a third rally of the day around 4:30 this afternoon, that one in 
Martinsburg, Pennsylvania. 

The president with his packed schedule went after Joe Biden's schedule. 

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) 

DONALD J. TRUMP, PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES: Sleepy Joe is down there 
and they said you got to get out of this basement so he traveled from 
Delaware to a little tiny corner in Pennsylvania like right next to 
Delaware and he made a speech and he said that he doesn't do these kind of 
rallies because of COVID, you know. 

No, he doesn't do that because nobody shows up. 

(END VIDEO CLIP) 

MACCALLUM: So very different, right? So the Biden camp which was expected 
to be quiet today did as the president mentioned, changed their tune. Late 
in the day Joe Biden came out, he went up to that corner of Pennsylvania 
from Delaware, he spoke in Chester, disputing that whole basement 
narrative, watch this. 

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) 

JOE BIDEN (D) PRESIDENTIAL NOMINEE: I'm going to be going to Iowa, I'm 
going to Wisconsin, I'm going to Georgia, I'm going to Florida and maybe 
other places as well. There's a lot we've been doing today. I've met today 
with group of leaders in the Democratic Party laying out where we're going 
to go, getting our input and so we're constantly - there has not been a day 
that hasn't been a12 hour day yet. 

(END VIDEO CLIP) 

MACCALLUM: Also tonight it's very big night. Half past the hour, we will 
take you to the Senate floor where the full floor will vote on Judge Amy 
Coney Barrett. That expected confirmation will put conservatives at a 6-3 
margin on the Supreme Court, haven't seen that since the 1930 so big big 
changes afoot. 

Judge Barrett is an originalist in the tradition of Justice Scalia, doesn't 
believe on legislating from the bench. She would replace Justice Ruth Bader 
Ginsburg. I'm going to take you live there as that gets under way because 
it is a historic vote this evening that we will watch together as it 
unfolds. 

We also expect a ceremony will follow at the White House and controversy 
over that. We're going to get to new details on how that's going to look 
and feel at around. That'll be around 9:00 this evening but we begin 
tonight with Karl Rove, former Deputy Chief of Staff to President George W. 
Bush and a Fox News Contributor. 

Karl, great to see you tonight. Thanks for being here. 

KARL ROVE, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: You bet Martha. 

MACCALLUM: So let's start with that Real Clear Politics average poll that 
shows the tightening of the race about 4.5 points between the two, the 
incumbent and former Vice President Joe Biden in those really important 
states. How indicative is that do you think? 

ROVE: Well, I think it's important but probably natural thing what is 
happening here and particularly after the first debate performance for 
President Trump, there was a little bit of softening among his base but now 
it's firming up and as we get to the end of the campaign, people tend to 
return to their corners. Republicans becoming Republicans, Democrats go 
into the Democratic corner but you're right, I mean think about it. 

These are the six states that were in the Real Clear Politics study. I know 
from polls that I'm looking at in Arizona, private polls in Arizona, North 
Carolina, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin that the numbers are tightening. In fact 
I just was briefed on a poll in Wisconsin that had a 5000 person sample 
that showed significant close into low single digits dividing the two 
candidates. 

So if that happens, think about it this way, if the president wins every 
state, let's take the three Great Lake states; Pennsylvania, Michigan, 
Wisconsin, put them to the side for a second. If the president wins every 
one of the rest of the states he won in 2016 and carry's Pennsylvania, he's 
got 280 electoral votes, 10 more than needed. 

If he carries Wisconsin out of those three states, only Wisconsin he's got 
270. If he carries Michigan out of those three states and loses 
Pennsylvania, Wisconsin; he's got 276. 

So the path to victory lies in these states that the president carries all 
of these, carries Arizona, Florida, North Carolina and then he just needs 
one more of these states and the most dangerous one is Wisconsin though 
because if he's at 270, if he loses either Maine two or Nebraska two then 
we've either got a tie in the electoral college if he loses one or he's 
down by two if he loses both of them. 

MACCALLUM: Yes gosh, I mean it's going to be a very interesting night. 
Here's Joe Biden. He's obviously concerned, he's going out on the trail, 
you heard him. Now he's going to visit a number of states including 
Wisconsin and he's trying really hard to correct what I think was probably 
the most significant take away from the final debate. Here's what he said 
today. 

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) 

BIDEN: I'm not shutting down oil fields. I'm not eliminating fracking. I'm 
investing in clean energy, we're going to make sure that we don't continue 
to subsidize the oil companies. 

(END VIDEO CLIP) 

MACCALLUM: What do you think Karl? 

ROVE: Look, first of all, he has said on a number of times that he wants to 
get rid of fracking, no ifs or buts about it and now he's saying I don't 
want to get rid of the oil industry but he said that again on the record 
several times and his policies would be devastating. 

Kamala Harris, Senator Harris is coming to Houston on Friday apparently. 
Think about this. They have both said on the record and not step back from 
saying that on the first day in office, the Biden-Harris administration 
will ban fracking on federal lands and in federal waters and they will - 
they will stop leasing - oil leasing on federal lands and in federal 
waters. 

Houston is the capital city if you will of the Gulf of Mexico exploration 
and production and you go in and say we're having no more leases in the 
Gulf of Mexico and we're not going to have fracking in federal lands and 
federal waters. Well, the Gulf of Mexico is federal waters so you're going 
to end fracking and a major basin for oil and gas production and devastate 
the Houston economy. 

It won't just simply be the people in oil production, it's going to be the 
people working in the refineries and the people who are working in the 
chemical plants who depend upon the raw material coming out of the Gulf of 
Mexico and elsewhere. 

Second of all let me just make a quick point on this, it's amazing to be. 
In their plan and they've never get stepped away from it, they're going to 
end the electricity production that comes from fossil fuels by 2035.

70 percent of our electricity comes from fossil fuels, primarily natural 
gas so if you're going to take all these brand new natural gas plants that 
are helping keep the utility prices low and reduce greenhouse gas emissions 
and literally say within 15 years, we don't care whether those plants are 
still capable of running for decades more, you're out of business. 

And incidentally, we're also going to force people to buy electric cars, 
you're driving up demand for electricity and removing a substantial part of 
the capacity to generate electricity. That's a recipe for disaster and 
again natural gas is big in Texas whether it's in the Gulf of Mexico or are 
in Texas and Texas - land in Texas and--

MACCALLUM: Karl, I want to play this other soundbite from Kamala Harris on 
60 minutes last night and get your thoughts on it but before I do that, 
she's going to be in Texas as you pointed out. That's a pretty bold move to 
send the vice presidential candidate to Texas. I don't think it's happened 
since Lloyd Bentsen went there and he was from Texas. 

So does it - isn't that a sign of confidence on their side. 

ROVE: I think - I think it's cuborous because what it means is she comes 
here on Friday, she's going to be met by every Republican candidate in the 
Houston area, pointing out how this is going to hurt the Texas economy and 
she's going to dismean (ph) the closing note in Texas who is going to be. 
All the Biden-Harris team says that they're going to do to hurt oil and gas 
in Texas. 

Our principal source of revenue for our universities and for our public 
schools, one of the biggest if not the biggest source of energy - of 
revenue for schools and universities is oil and gas revenues from royalty 
payments on state land. 

MACCALLUM: Yes. 

ROVE: I mean, this is a disaster for Texas. 

MACCALLUM: All right, this was what her response was when she was asked 
about being progressive and even socialist as a label. Interesting moment I 
thought and questioning by Norah O'Donnell at CBS. Watch this. 

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) 

NORAH O'DONNELL, CBS HOST: And is that a socialist or progressive 
perspective? 

SEN. KAMALA HARRIS (D-CA) VICE PRESIDENTIAL NOMINEE: No. It is the 
perspective of a woman who grew up a black child in America, who was also a 
prosecutor, who also has a mother who arrived here at the age of 19 from 
India. Who also you know likes hip hop. What do you want to know? 

O'DONNELL: I want to give you - I want to give you the--

(END VIDEO CLIP) 

MACCALLUM: Hmm. It went on after that. What do you think about that 
exchange? 

ROVE: I think a weird answer and clearly she didn't like the question. 
Remember, the National Journal, a respected nonpartisan publication, ranks 
her, looked at all of her votes in the Senate and ranked her as the most 
liberal member of the United States Senate. 

Look at what you said during her fledgling campaign for president in 2019. 
This woman is on the far left of American politics and supported for 
example one of the - one of the co-sponsors of the Green New Deal, endorsed 
Medicare for all. I mean this woman is on the left of American politics. 

She doesn't like being asked that question so she dodges best as she could, 
was one of the weirdest laughs I think I've ever heard of any politician 
that I've seen in decades. 

MACCALLUM: Yes, I mean it seems like the answer is pretty easy and it's 
when she said before which is you know I would be the vice president so I'm 
going to you know carry out the policies of the president but you're right, 
it appears she didn't like the question at all and it was an interesting, 
interesting answer. Karl, thank you very much. Great to have you with us 
tonight. We'll see you soon. 

ROVE: Thanks Martha. You bet. 

MACCALLUM: You bet. So as we mentioned, record shattering 62.6 million 
votes have already been cast in the 2020 presidential election, although 
all of the pundits say that we shouldn't take away too much from that in 
terms of the outcome. 40 million of them have been sent through the mail. 

Correspondent David Spunt is live in Washington tonight tracking those 
numbers and some of the irregularities that have happened as well. Hi 
David. 

DAVID SPUNT, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT: Hi Martha good evening, that 62 
million number you mentioned is interesting and significant because it 
surpasses the number of total early voting in 2016 just four years ago. 

So clearly a lot of people out voting, a lot of energy for this election 
but still, there are some problems and some irregularities. Let's go to 
Boston, Massachusetts where authorities announced the arrest of a man they 
say, set a ballot box on fire. 

This was in coordination with local authorities and the FBI, early Sunday 
morning just after 4:00 AM, Eastern Time. Boston firefighters were called 
to a scene with smoke coming from that ballot box. To stop the fire, crews 
had to literally fill up the burning box with water. The ballots inside 
were charred and wet but 87 of the approximately 122 ballots inside can be 
processed. 

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) 

UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I think it's a really scary time in democracy right 
now. I hope that there's a way to count the ballots that were lost. 

UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think we're going to be beefing up security in and 
around ballot boxes. It's also a way so intimidate people not to vote. 

(END VIDEO CLIP) 

SPUNT: The suspect 39 year old Worldy Armand, he's in custody right now. 
The local district attorney said she believes the man is emotionally 
disturbed and not part of a larger effort to disrupt voting, still chilling 
to see Martha. Now this comes as early voting number showed Democrats ahead 
in several key states. 

In Florida 2.5 million Democrats to 2.2 million Republicans have already 
voted. Let's take a look at North Carolina where the Vice President is 
spending quite a bit of time this week. Almost 1.3 million Americans have 
voted - Democrats I should say have voted to 952,000 Republicans but look 
not far behind Martha, 924,000 independents.

And finally in Pennsylvania where President Trump made three stops today, 
former vice president Joe Biden also stopped as well, 1.2 million Democrats 
have voted early while only 350,000 Republicans have voted early. 

Of course we still have a week, there is still time. Speaking of 
Pennsylvania, President Trump is talking about having poll watchers in the 
city of Philadelphia. Meanwhile state officials have said no, city 
officials have said no and a state judge said that's not going to happen. 

The Trump campaign continuing to fight that battle in court, Martha. 

MACCALLUM: David Spunt, thank you very much. 

SPUNT: You bet. 

MACCALLUM: So tonight Judge Amy Coney Barrett is about to become an 
associate justice of the Supreme Court. Her process could not have been 
more different really than the beleaguered path that we watched last time 
around with Brett Kavanaugh. 

The criticism from Democrats were more on process than character and in the 
end, the process while rushed and some would say impolitic was 
legislatively and constitutionally sound. We're told the Vice President 
will not attend having been exposed to staffers with COVID-19, he was asked 
not to attend by Senator Schumer. 

It appears that no tie breaking vote will be needed. We do expect the 
swearing in ceremony to follow tonight at the White House. A senior White 
House official telling Fox that Justice Clarence Thomas will administer the 
constitutional oath to Judge Barrett. 

In moments Republican Senator Thom Tillis joins me but we begin with 
Democrat Senator Chris Coons of Delaware, both members of the Judiciary 
Committee. Senator, good to have you with us tonight. Your thoughts as we 
prepare for the final vote tonight on the Senate floor, Sir. 

SEN. CHRIS COONS (D-DE): Well Martha, I'm glad to hear that Vice President 
Pence will not be joining us, given that five members of his senior team 
are infected with COVID-19 and I'm frankly still concerned and upset that 
we are having this process where the Republican majority is rushing through 
Judge Barrett. 

Never in American history has there been a confirmation vote for a Supreme 
Court justice just eight days before presidential elections where a 
majority of states are already voting. And I'll remind you and your viewers 
that four years ago, the Republican majority insisted on not holding a 
hearing or a vote on a highly qualified nominee by President Obama for 10 
months. 

I don't think we should be having this vote. I think we should be 
delivering relief to American people. 

MACCALLUM: There was a difference. He didn't hold the Senate majority at 
the time and that's what the Republicans have said is the major reason for 
the different situation. Obviously, there's a lot of bad feeling over the 
way that this was carried out but none the less as I mentioned, it is a 
constitutionally and legislatively sound process in terms of moving 
forward. 

The President has the right to nominate and tonight she will ultimately be 
sworn in if the vote goes as expected. I know that you have a lot of 
concerns about ACA and you know it struck me that all of the pictures of 
the faces that we have seen on those photos during this process of people 
who are taking advantage of the pre-existing condition clause in the ACA, 
really proves that without disapproves - there's a question for you - does 
it prove that without the - without the mandatory buy-in that it does still 
stand. 

The fact that people are using the program, they're using ACA and there's 
no mandatory commitment to buy ACA proves that without that, which has been 
eliminated from the - from the program, it does stand and it does work, 
correct? 

COONS: Well Martha, if I can be clear. First, just earlier today at 
Westside Health in Wilmington, Delaware, I did a press conference with 
Kerry for Middle town who's been a part of my argument about the thousands 
of Delawareans, the majority of Delawareans who rely on the Affordable Care 
Act to protect them from either pre-existing condition discrimination by 
insurance companies or discrimination based on being women. 

She's a small business owner, she has three pre-existing conditions and she 
has been able to access more affordable health care because of these 
protections of the ACA. 

MACCALLUM: That's exactly my point. 

COONS: The second and most importantly as you well know Martha, the Supreme 
Court will be hearing a constitutional challenge to the Affordable Care 
Act, a week from the election, just two weeks from tomorrow and President 
Trump himself last night on 60 Minutes said he hopes the Affordable Care 
Act will be overturned and done away with and he still has no plan for how 
to replace it in the middle of a pandemic. 

MACCALLUM: But whatever he hopes is regardless - I'm only making the point 
that when she talked about the Jenga Tower, right? The individual mandate's 
already been pulled out and the ACA is still standing because people are 
still using it. All those photographs that were shown so that would - that 
would substantiate the perspective that she has based on what she told us 
during the hearing that she would say that it could be severed and 
(inaudible) 

So I think it's going to be very interesting. 

COONS: That's profoundly misleading Martha. That's not what she said. 

MACCALLUM: How so?

COONS: She did not reach the question of severability so Judge Barrett did 
not say--

MACCALLUM: No, she said - she said--

COONS: --in front of the judiciary hearing that she committed to upholding 
the Affordable Care Act. 

MACCALLUM: No, of course not. 

COONS: --even if the mandate is unconstitutional. 

MACCALLUM: She would never do that. That wouldn't be part of the process. 

COONS: Right. 

MACCALLUM: However the example that she gave was that if for any law, if 
you pull a piece out and it still stands then it can be severed out and the 
laws can still stand, which is what we just demonstrated is right now 
happening with the ACA. I'm not saying that she said she would uphold it. 

I'm saying that the example that she gave is exactly what we see playing 
out right now with the ACA so we'll all watch together--

COONS: I agree with you Martha. 

MACCALLUM: --as she makes that decision on November 10. 

COONS: Today the Affordable Care Act is working--

MACCALLUM: We'll see what happens. 

COONS: --but two weeks from now it is at risk for a majority of Americans. 
That's exactly why. 

MACCALLUM: But it would have to be proved and the severability cause will 
fall apart. Let me ask you one more question before I let you go because 
you're getting a lot of attention as someone who could become the next 
Secretary of State if Joe Biden becomes the next president and you've made 
it pretty clear that that is the job that you would want. 

Have you had discussions with him about that? 

COONS: Joe Biden's been clear that he is focused on winning this next 
election on making his case to the American people about how he can bring 
us together, get us through this pandemic and help us build back better. 
Conversations about positions like that will begin if relevant more than 
eight days from now. 

So we have not had a conversation about that position and who he would or 
wouldn't choose, he has some very talented people to choose from. I'd be 
honored to be considered but we can't get ahead of ourselves. There's still 
a lot of campaigning to do in the remaining eight days Martha. 

MACCALLUM: There sure is. OK, thank you very much Senator. Good to have you 
here. 

COONS: Thank you. 

MACCALLUM: Thank you. So now joined by Republican Senator Thom Tillis of 
North Carolina. He is also on the Judiciary Committee. Senator, good to 
have you with us this evening. Your thoughts as we prepare for this vote 
tonight. 

SEN. THOM TILLIS (R-NC): Well, I'm going to be taking a walk over to the 
chamber here as soon as we finish this interview. I'm going to proudly cast 
my vote for an incredible nominee for the Supreme Court. Brilliant, 
successful jurist, successful mom of seven children.

It was very interesting in the hearings that we sat through, just how her 
credentials and her capabilities came across. That's why they started - my 
colleagues on the other side of the aisle started this whole false 
narrative that you just heard Chris lay out. Now Chris is a good friend of 
mine but I completely disagree with him.

I think that Judge Barrett's going to do a great job. The Supreme Court is 
going to benefit greatly by having her on it. 

MACCALLUM: When you take a look at the things that will come before her, we 
were just talking about the ACA on November 10. There are a lot of people 
who think that she might be more open to overturning at least some of the 
building blocks that are included in Roe V. Wade, what do you think the 
court is going to look like in the future as a 6-3 conservative majority?

TILLIS: Martha, the first thing people need to understand is the ACA is not 
going to go away in a matter of a couple of weeks. They are taking a look 
at some of the elements of the act that are arguably unconstitutional and 
what they're really going to tell us if Congress wants to pass a law that 
stands constitutional muster, that's our job, it's not the Supreme Court. 

So I think that we'll see the hearings as after Judge Barrett gets seated 
on the Supreme Court but I think the American people need to understand 
that Republicans have voted five times to protect pre-existing conditions. 
There is a super majority of members who are going to protect them 
regardless of what the court does and they need to stop the scare tactics 
to try and win an election. 

MACCALLUM: I want to play what the Mayor of Washington DC, Mayor Bowser 
said about the possibility that there might be another ceremony this 
evening at the White House for Amy Coney Barrett and we all remember that 
you and others became ill with COVID-19 after attending that. Here's what 
she said. 

MAYOR MURIEL BOWSER (D) WASHINGTON DC: For all you know you could be packed 
in a Rose Garden event with somebody sitting next to you hacking. Now ask 
yourself, if that's happening are you going to get up and leave in the 
middle of the president's remarks? If you're not, you shouldn't go. 

(END VIDEO CLIP) 

MACCALLUM: What do you think about the fact that they are discussing a 
ceremony. Do you know what it's going to look like and where it's going to 
be and how many people will be there? 

TILLIS: I don't have all the details, I'm not going to be attending 
tonight. I have other commitments and I'm looking forward to the formal 
investiture when Judge Barrett moves into session but the reality is 
everything that the Democrats are saying now are shifting attention away 
from policies that they know would be difficult for them to get elected if 
you have informed ballot. 

I heard Karl Rove talk about destroying the energy industry. We all want 
renewable energy but in Pennsylvania and Texas, Ohio, that's a serious 
issue and it's a real threat. You got Senator Harris laughing at the idea 
of being a socialist but she's more liberal in this Congress than Bernie 
Sanders who is a self-avowed Democrats socialist. 

So I think that they'll do anything to shift their attention away from what 
they really stand for. It's higher taxes more regulations and a lot of jobs 
lost. 

MACCALLUM: So we had a piece by reporter David Spunt a few minutes ago 
about the voting process thus far and some irregularities that have been 
seen so there's a court decision with regard to North Carolina and I want 
you to tell us where it is in the process right now because the discussion 
is to extend the counting until November 12. 

As I understand it, all the ballots would have to be postmarked by the 
third but could potentially be counted all the way out to the 12th. Where 
does that stand? 

TILLIS: Well, there were elements of what the board of elections voted on 
that the court have prevented from going into place but we've already 
allowed those to be counted three days after the election so this is adding 
six additional days. 

I still feel confident in absentee ballot voting. I've got my absentee 
ballot. I'm actually going to hand deliver it because I've been up here 
unexpectedly and I decided that I'll hand deliver when my wife and I vote 
but it's a process that I think works. The fact that it's going to be nine 
days after the election before we get the total vote as close as this 
election's going to be, it probably won't be called on Tuesday night. 

MACCALLUM: Incredible. We'll be there. Thank you very much Senator Tillis. 
Good to speak with you tonight. We'll be watching your race of course in 
North Carolina, such an important state in the presidential race as well. 
Thank you Sir. 

TILLIS: Thank you Martha. 

MACCALLUM: Bret Baier and Shannon Bream are here as we await the historic 
Senate vote on the confirmation of Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court 
of the United States, next. 

(COMMERCIAL BREAK) 

MACCALLUM: Exactly one month since President Trump announced Judge Amy 
Coney Barett as his pick for the Supreme Court. The Senate is now just 
moments away from a vote. A very, very quick process that we have watched 
play out and that vote is expected to solidify her place on the High Court 
and to fill the vacancy of the late liberal icon, Justice Ruth Bader 
Ginsburg. 

Congressional correspondent Chad Pergram. Chad Pergram is live on Capitol 
Hill tonight watching all of this is we anticipate this big moment. Hi 
Chad, good evening. 

CHAD PERGRAM, FOX NEWS CONGRESSIONAL CORRESPONDENT: Hey there. Good 
evening. Well, this is the last speech before they actually go to the 
formal confirmation process. Mitch McConnell, the Senate Majority Leader is 
talking on the floor right now. You know yesterday we kept saying that we 
thought that this vote would start sometime around 7:26. 

Now that's kind of an odd time. The reason is the end of the procedural 
vote to end the filibuster yesterday afternoon at 1.26 p.m. Eastern Time. 

By rule on a culture vote as it's called here on Capitol Hill, that's what 
you vote on to actually end a filibuster, opponents of an issue get 30 
extra hours so they closed the vote yesterday at 1.26, that's why we are 
about to go to this confirmation vote now. 

Now timing in the United States Senate is not exactly swift and that's why 
things are drifting a little bit later here and they always give deference 
to the Senate Majority Leader, Mitch McConnell and also the Minority 
Leader, Chuck Schumer. 

We might have a procedural vote here first just to take attendance. So, 
they'll roll through that pretty quickly. Usually on a vote of this 
magnitude senators would vote from their desks. That might not be the case 
this time due to the pandemic. 

Now, Republican Alaska Senator Lisa Murkowski said on the day that Ruth 
Bader Ginsburg died that she opposed forging ahead with the nomination so 
close to an election. Ginsburg died a few hours later. Murkowski is 
splitting the atom here. She voted twice in recent days against ending a 
filibuster on the nomination but Murkowski says the Senate should confirm 
Barrett on the merits she is a "yes." One Republican told Fox that 
Murkowski's maneuvers were, quote, "too cute by half." Listen. 

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

SEN. LISA MURKOWSKI, (R-AK):  At the end of the process is the substantive 
question of whether Judge Barrett should be categorically rejected as an 
associate justice in order to underscore my procedural objection.

(END VIDEO CLIP) 

PERGRAM:  Now we are expecting 52 Republican ayes, the only no likely to be 
Republican Senator Susan Collins of Maine, she faces a difficult reelection 
bid in Maine this fall. 

Now this is the latest that they have ever considered a Supreme Court 
nominee this close to a presidential election. You have to go back to Frank 
Murphy, Justice Frank Murphy, who was confirmed in January of 1940, that 
was a presidential election year. Benjamin Cardozo in February of 1932 also 
a presidential election year and as for a lame duck congress, you had 
William Woods confirmed December 21st, 1880. He was nominated by Rutherford 
B. Hayes. Back to you. 

MARTHA MACCALLUM, FOX NEWS ANCHOR:  I want to be your partner in jeopardy, 
Chad. Thank you very much. Chad Pergram, always has all of the history for 
us from Capitol Hill. Thank you very much, Chad. 

PERGRAM:  Thank you.

MACCALLUM:  Bret Baier joins me now, chief political anchor and host of 
Special Report with Bret Baier. Bret, good evening to you. Great to have 
you with us tonight. 

BRET BAIER, FOX NEWS ANCHOR:  Good evening. What is a great jeopardy 
partner? 

MACCALLUM:  You know -- exactly. Chad Pergram. Ding, ding for all the 
money. 

So, I'm watching Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell here on the floor 
and I'm thinking about what he must be feeling tonight because he has 
secured a legacy for himself in a huge number, over 200 federal court -- 
federal judges, three Supreme Court justices after tonight. So, this has 
been really one of the most important parts I think of his legacy and it's 
a big moment for him tonight. 

BAIER:  A big moment and a big victory for the Republican majority in the 
Senate. Remember that it's not just the three Supreme Court justices. It's 
really the dozens and dozens of other federal judges --

MACCALLUM:  Yes.

BAIER:  -- that will affect the courts for decades to come and he talked 
about that just the other day. But just to point out how partisan and how 
upset Democrats are, Chuck Schumer just a few moments ago said this will be 
one of the darkest days in the history of the 231-year history of the 
United States Senate. He said Republicans are thwarting the will of the 
people, the American people and he went on to say that you will no longer -
- when Democrats control this chamber, you will have forfeited your right 
to tell us how to run that majority. 

And that obviously, Martha, is a hat tip to what may come if Democrats do 
control the Senate and that is all of the talk about doing something -- 

MACCALLUM:  Yes.

BAIER:  -- to change the court system and possibly court pack the U.S. 
Supreme Court. 

MACCALLUM:  Absolutely. You know, that is a huge question here because 
Democrats will have to decide what levers are at their disposal and whether 
or not they think that that is a move too far or whether they could be 
justified, it's a six-three conservative majority and it is a young group 
of justices who would likely be there for very long time. 

Let's take a look at this poll, New York Times/Siena poll. Fifty-eight 
percent say they are opposed to the idea of packing the court. Thirty-one 
percent in favor of that. Do you think that politically Democrats will 
ultimately decide that that's a good way to go, Bret? 

BAIER:  If they control the chamber there's going to be a lot of pressure 
from the progressive side not only on --

MACCALLUM:  Yes.

BAIER:  -- Joe Biden if he wins the presidency, but on Chuck Schumer as the 
head of the Democratic Senate, if all of that happens. That's a big if 
eight days from election but if it did, I think there would be a lot of 
pressure to change something, but they'll be institutionalist on the 
Democratic side as well who fight this, just like they did when FDR 
proposed it years and years and years ago. 

Speaking about polls, Martha, quickly, when Chuck Schumer says thwart the 
will of the American people, there are some polls in recent days that have 
said do you approve of the confirmation hearing of Judge Amy Coney Barrett. 
This is Huffington Post/YouGov. Not exactly a right leaning poll. 

MACCALLUM:  Yes.

BAIER:  Nine points, yes. twenty-three points in Morning Consul poll, yes, 
we support that. That's a -- shows how well she did in that confirmation 
hearing. And you know, it's a couple of polls, but it's interesting. 

MACCALLUM:  Yes. I think it's very interesting. She definitely went a long 
way to winning over people who may have not been inclined to support her 
during the course of those hearings as we all watched the lessons play out 
in those discussions. 

ACA, you probably heard my conversation with Senators Tillis and Coons a 
moment ago. This is a big issue that is before the court November 10th and 
it's also a huge issue in the election of course, Bret. 

BAIER:  Obviously, and you know, Democrats say that this is all about 
tearing down Obamacare. I think the president said that in the 60 Minutes 
interview --

MACCALLUM:  Yes.

BAIER:  -- pretty clearly, he'd like to see that done, but how it happens -
-

MACCALLUM:  That's right.

BAIER:  -- whether it would happen is a long shot with, as you know, how 
the course -- court, the case is structured. 

MACCALLUM:  Absolutely. Let's bring in Shannon. Bret is going to stay with 
us as we see the live shot here on the Senate floor. Mitch McConnell giving 
opening comments and some procedural issues as we get started here tonight. 

Shannon, so great to have you with us to watch all of this play out. 
Shannon Bream is the anchor of Fox News at Night and our chief legal 
correspondent of course. Give me your big picture look as we prepare for 
this, Shannon. 

SHANNON BREAM, FOX NEWS CORRESPONDENT & ANCHOR:  Listen, she's going to be 
able to get to work right away, Martha. There are two oaths that a new 
justice takes. One of those we would see we expect tonight was Justice 
Clarence Thomas. And remember she clerked for Justice Scalia. Years ago, 
Justice Thomas was already on the bench than so they certainly have a 
relationship and know each other so a former clerk now joining the bench, 
as often happens in recent years. And so, he is the one chosen to swear her 
in tonight.

There's a second oath, though. So once those are both taken by her, she 
literally will be an official justice and working. They are getting 
emergency appeals every day now and many of them have to deal with voting 
procedures in the states. 

MACCALLUM:  Yes.

BREAM:  They will have a conference then on Friday where they vote on the 
cases that they'll eventually take up and that she has to go big cases, one 
right out of the gate next week and then that ACA case on the tenth. I 
watched your fabulous interview with Senator coons and I thought it was a 
bit disingenuous that he continues to try to represent that she hadn't 
talked about severability. 

You and I remember, all of us who watched, she talked about that Jenga game 
and how you pull out that piece and try to keep the rest of the law 
together. So, to say she didn't talk about it, anybody who watched her 
confirmation hearings knows that she did, Martha. 

MACCALLUM:  Yes. And obviously we'll all be watching to see how she might 
make that decision and whether her Jenga tower falls down on November 10th 
when those conversations begin. 

I want to just stay with you for a moment here, Shannon. It's interesting 
to look at the composition of the court with Justice Barrett as the ninth 
justice and from everything that I'm looking at, they place her sort of 
with Thomas and Alito to the right of her and then her and then Gorsuch and 
Kavanaugh, making him sort of the central person in that nine. Explain to 
everybody what that means. What's the significance of that? 

BREAM:  I think it can mean a couple of big things. There are whispers that 
this now become the Thomas court, that Justice Clarence Thomas who has been 
there for some 29 years would be the one who would be sort of the thought 
leader on the conservative side. He is a prolific writer, whether he's in 
the majority or the dissent or concurrence. He has a lot to say. Maybe not 
verbally, people will know that he doesn't say a lot from the bench but 
he's had a lot to say on paper recently about things like the second 
amendment, religious liberty and where that clashes with LGBTQ rights. 

I mean, he's very vociferous in the things he thinks the court needs to be 
taking on. And with her vote they are probably going many times going to 
align with him and Justice Alito that he may become more of the leader of 
that conservative wing. It seems like it would make sense. 

Also, her adding to the court will probably take away this idea that the 
chief justice has been the swing vote. In many key cases recently it much 
more will be interesting to watch how he decides what to do with his vote. 
He's not going to want to go with the liberal minority if they are often 
the minority, those three, he's not going to want to be the fourth. It 
takes away his ability to write the majority opinion or to really be a 
swing vote. 

I would think it's going to mean that he more often will probably line up 
with five or six on the other side then he will in the minority. So, a lot 
of potential changes with her joining the court and we could see that 
influence very quickly because of these prominent cases. 

MACCALLUM:  Yes. Bret, when you look at this from a political perspective, 
it's obviously a win for President Trump. He claims that his promise to 
appoint conservative justices and judges was a big winning point for him 
back in 2016. How much weight may it or may it not hold this time around, 
though? 

BAIER:  Well, I think it's a big win for Republicans, conservatives are 
very happy about it. However, I don't see them talking about it a lot on 
the trail. In part because I think it really fires up the left and it gets 
the left really fired up to get out the vote and to possibly influence what 
could be court packing to come. So, I don't think it's a political issue. 
It's a great thing, but as far as a victory that the president can list, 
he's delivering on the promises that he started with. 

MACCALLUM:  Standby, both of you. Bret and Shannon, great to have you with 
us tonight. It seems that the majority leader is sort of soaking up the 
moment here and he is holding court on the floor of the Senate so we are 
waiting for the vote to get underway.

And I want to bring in Jonathan Turley, George Washington law professor and 
Fox News contributor. Always great to have you with us, Jonathan. Thanks 
for being here tonight. 

What are you thinking? 

JONATHAN TURLEY, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR:  Thank you.

MACCALLUM:  You know, she will be the 115th Supreme Court justice on the 
court. That's not a lot of people when you look at the size of our country. 
It's an incredibly special moment for the country. So, talk to me about 
what you see unfolding tonight before you. 

TURLEY:  What you're about to see is perhaps the most important moment in 
the modern court's history. Her addition to the court promises to be 
transformative for the court. She's the ultimate deliverable for President 
Trump. You know, Republican presidents have insisted that they would put on 
the court conservatives and also pro-life nominees. She is the ultimate 
deliverable for that constituency. 

She is -- she is incredibly smart, a very good writer, and she is also 
thought deeply about these issues. In many ways, the person she looks most 
like is Ruth Bader Ginsburg. I mean, their resumes are very similar. You 
know, they both started in law school, graduate top of their class, then 
went into teaching. Then wrote a lot about procreational rights. They just 
reach different conclusions. 

But they are both coming to the court -- that is Ruth Bader Ginsburg came 
to the court and she will come to the court as fully formed intellects when 
it comes to jurisprudence. They are not a work in progress in that sense. 

MACCALLUM:  I think that's fascinating. I think the comparisons between 
these two women and I think the way that we have all watched Ruth Bader 
Ginsburg over the years, I think that attention will go to Amy Coney 
Barrett because she is just an interesting person to listen to and to 
watch, especially for women across the country, so I think you make a great 
point. 

Standby for a moment, we are going to go back to Chad Pergram, who is 
standing by, who is going to bring us the latest on how everything is 
expected to play out here tonight. They are a little bit behind schedule, 
Chad. 

PERGRAM:  That's right. It's typical that they give both the minority 
leader and the majority leader a little bit of time before a confirmation 
vote. Certainly, something of this magnitude. You know a lot of times they 
allocate time in the Senate by 10-minute blocks, half hour blocks and 
things like that. Technically they have overrun the time period as to when 
they were to start here, but because it's the Senate majority leader and 
out of deference to him, Mitch McConnell, they're going to give him more 
time. 

Now again, just to reset what we are expecting here, once Mitch McConnell 
concludes his remarks, is we expect to have a procedural vote, probably, we 
don't know that 100 percent but probably have a procedural vote, take 
attendance, a quorum call, this is where they actually make sure they 
actually have a quorum to do business here. That will take probably 10 
minutes at the most and then they will go to the actual confirmation vote 
itself. 

And again, that would probably take less time because you have most 
senators in the chamber. Now under conventional circumstances, two things 
would happen. You would usually have senators vote from their desks. They 
don't want people milling around the Senate chamber, coming in and out of 
the cloakroom. They want everybody there because of the solemnity and 
importance of the moment. 

The other thing that we are not going to have tonight is Mike Pence, the 
vice president, and the Constitution as president of the Senate, presiding 
over the vote. You know, it was thought a few days ago that maybe if they 
had issues with health or if you had other senators who were going to vote 
no on the Republican side, you know, they were right down to the margin of 
error here in terms of confirming the Supreme Court nominee and you might 
have need Mike Pence to cast a vote to confirm Amy Coney Barrett. 

You know, there had never been a vote to confirm any executive branch 
nomination. That was broken by the vice president until Betsy DeVos in 
early 2017. Mike Pence has broken several other ties regarding executive 
branch nominees since it had never happened with the Supreme Court nominee, 
but he is not even going to come just to preside over the vote. His vote 
was not needed two years ago when they confirmed Brett Kavanaugh. 

They did bring him in and he sat there over the vote and announced the vote 
total, but don't forget that he has had several aides test positive for 
coronavirus and there has been concern expressed certainly by Democrats 
about the safety protocols. 

They wrote a letter, Democratic leaders in the Senate, to Mike Pence, 
discouraging him from coming. Saying look, we are worried about doing this 
with safety and health protocols anyway and we are really concerned if you 
are going to come up here so he's not going to come to Capitol Hill. They 
will vote here soon. 

So again, we are waiting for Mitch McConnell to wrap up and as I said last 
time, you know, timing and the Senate, it never works out just the way you 
think. So, we are thinking now, you know, we are pushing 8 o'clock. They 
might not actually start this confirmation vote until sometime after 9 
o'clock, at 8 o'clock, and at the latest they would probably close to vote 
before 9. 

Now keep in mind that we are only expecting one Republican no, Susan 
Collins of Maine, so probably 52 Republican yes' and when they get across 
that vote threshold, 51 votes, when they are at 51 ayes, we can say that 
they have basically -- they have the votes to confirm Amy Coney Barrett as 
the 115th justice of the Supreme Court, but the vote is never final until 
they actually close the vote. 

Also, on hand today, she was not here yesterday, you have Senator Kamala 
Harris, the Democratic vice-presidential nominee. She was not here for the 
procedural vote yesterday. She is here and she will cast a vote against Amy 
Coney Barrett -- Amy Coney Barrett later tonight, Martha. 

MACCALLUM:  Chad, thank you very much. We know that Kamala Harris has said 
many times that she thinks this process is illegitimate and I'm sure she 
wants to be there to cast her no vote. I also would venture a guess that if 
this was coming down to the wire that the Vice President Mike Pence would 
find some way to get in there to place that vote. 

Ron Johnson said he would go in in a moon suit if needed be -- if need be 
when he had the virus a week or so ago. I don't know, time is -- time just 
seems to be going so fast. 

Bret Baier and Shannon Bream back with us now. Bret, you heard Chad 
speaking by the fact that Susan Collins is expected to be the only no vote 
on the Republican side. She has distinguished herself in that way 
throughout these Supreme Court procedures with Brett Kavanaugh, she was the 
one on the fence. She's in a tough Senate race right now. 

BAIER:  Very tough. Trying to hang on to her political life in Maine --

MACCALLUM:  Yes.

BAIER:  -- and trailing in the latest polls there. This is a tough spot for 
her, but she is doing what was expected that she would do. It's interesting 
that, you know, the Democrats are there in person. Obviously, they 
boycotted the Senate judiciary committee hearing with no votes against 
Judge Barrett, but because there's only one Republican vote against her 
suggests how well she did in that confirmation hearing. 

Her, you know, credentials, her ability to answer questions 
straightforwardly, to talk about what originalism is, to be a qualified 
judge or justice seemed to convince even those that were on the fence. Mitt 
Romney talked a lot in his speech today about how qualified she was, as did 
Lisa Murkowski. 

MACCALLUM:  Yes. Mitt Romney obviously was one of those the people on the 
Republican side of the fence were concerned about. He's a yes. Lisa 
Murkowski also a yes against the process, but for the person essentially. 

Shannon, Justice Thomas is going to swear her in. Tell us a little bit 
about the significance of that moment and who is chosen for that moment and 
also, if I could ask two questions at once here, a little bit about the 
clerks and how that gets set up during that process for her. 

BREAM:  Yes. Certainly, there are, as I mentioned earlier, there are two 
different swearing ins. There is a constitutional oath, a judicial oath, so 
very meaningful for her I'm sure that she has Justice Thomas there. As I 
mentioned earlier, she clerked for Justice Scalia. They were very close 
friends. Often in alignment on judicial philosophy and on critical 
decisions, so it's very plausible that she would have had a relationship 
with Justice Thomas while she was clerking for Justice Scalia. 

So, for him to be there tonight for her big moment is certainly a statement 
and a welcome to her from somebody who was exceptionally close to the man 
she calls a mentor and a guiding force in her judicial philosophy, which 
was Justice Scalia. 

So, you look forward to where they will go next. Many of these judges, when 
they're getting prepared to go to the circuit level or here now to the 
Supreme Court will have some clerks in place. Usually they dip back into 
the clerk pool of people that have served with them before as clerks. She's 
had, you know, two or three years now on the seventh circuit. It's very 
likely that she has talked with some of those clerks about, listen, if I am 
confirmed to the court tonight, we are going to have to hit the ground 
running. 

So, she probably -- you can have up to four clerks there on the Supreme 
Court. She probably has made some arrangements, had some conversations, you 
know, you don't want to get ahead of yourself but she is going to jump 
right into the workload the minute that she is confirmed and sworn in, so 
it is very smart. It's not really like measuring the drapes ahead of time. 

You do have to have your clerks ready because she will jump into a term 
that started a month ago and there's a lot of work to do. And as I said 
earlier, a lot of these emergency appeals that are coming in on ballot 
measures and mail-in ballots and all kinds of things, so they are merely 
every day for the last few weeks we'd seen some type of emergency filing, 
so she's going to have that to jump into as well as the cases that they're 
going to start hearing in their next round of arguments on Monday. 

MACCALLUM:  Just more -- she's got a busy life and it's going to get even 
busier. 

Let's bring in Jonathan Turley. Joining me once again now, George 
Washington law professor and Fox News contributor. You know, with regard to 
what Shannon just spoke about, some of these voting issues that are before 
the court, there has been some discussion about her appointment by 
President Trump and the election going on and whether or not she should 
have to recuse herself and I heard you speak about this this afternoon as 
an insult and I'd love for you to explain to everybody at home why you see 
it that way. 

TURLEY:  It's utterly absurd, what is being suggested by some of these 
members. There is no basis why she should recuse herself from voting on 
these pending cases or on election cases. There is a standard for recusal 
that is codified. Some justices have recused themselves, relatively few 
cases. 

It's a matter left largely after the justices themselves. They are not 
subject to the decision, the review of lower court judges, so this is left 
to their discretion. When they have recused themselves, it is because 
they've had a personal interest, financial or professional, on a case. 

Justice Kagan recused herself because she was involved in some of the cases 
that came before the court. There is no case in the history of the court 
that would support a demand for recusal from his election cases. 

Moreover, if we are going to make another decision like Bush v. Gore, we 
don't want to be based on a tie. We want a full panoply of justices to 
decide. To suggest that she should recuse herself has got to be some kind 
of judicial shale, and she's not. She's a very serious intellectual and 
jurist. 

MACCALLUM:  You know, by that measure, it would seem to me that anyone who 
was appointed by any president, if any decision came before them that might 
benefit them in some way, they would have to recuse themselves. I mean, it 
makes no sense. 

TURLEY:  That's right. And you know --

(CROSSTALK)

MACCALLUM:  We are listening in, the vote is underway. Jonathan, stand by 
with me. Thank you. 

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Daines.

SEN. STEVE DAINES (R-MT):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Ms. Duckworth. Mr. Durbin. Mr. Enzi.

SEN. MIKE ENZI (R-WY):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Ms. Ernst. 

SEN. JONI ERNST (R-IA):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mrs. Feinstein. Mrs. Fisher. 

SEN. DEB FISCHER (R-NM):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Gardner. 

SEN. CORY GARDNER (R-CO):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mrs. Gillibrand.

SEN. KIRSTEN GILLIBRAND (D-NY):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Graham. 

SEN. LINDSEY GRAHAM (R-SC):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Grassley. 

SEN. CHUCK GRASSLEY (R-IA):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Ms. Harris. Ms. Hassan.

SEN. MAGGIE HASSAN (D-NH):  No.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Hawley. 

SEN. JOSH HAWLEY (R-MO):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Heinrich. Ms. Hirono. Mr. Hoven.

SEN. JOHN HOEVEN (R-ND):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mrs. Hyde Smith. 

SEN. CINDY HYDE-SMITH (R-MS):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Inhofe. Mr. Johnson. 

SEN. RON JOHNSON (R-WI):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Jones. Mr. Kane. Mr. Kennedy.

SEN. JOHN KENNEDY (R-LA):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. King. 

SEN. ANGUS KING (I):  No.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mrs. Klobuchar. Mr. Lankford. 

SEN. JAMES LANKFORD (R-OK):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Leahy. 

SEN. PATRICK LEAHY (D-VT):  No.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Lee. 

SEN. MIKE LEE (R-UT):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mrs. Loeffler.

SEN. KELLY LOEFFLER (R-GA):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Manchin. Mr. Markey. 

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Aye. No.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  McConnell. 

SEN. MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY), MAJORITY LEADER:  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mrs. McSally. 

SEN. MARTHA MCSALLY (R-AZ):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Menendez. Mr. Merkley. 

SEN. JEFF MERKLEY (D-OR):  No.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Moran. 

SEN. JERRY MORAN (R-KS):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Ms. Murkowski.

MURKOWSKI:  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Murphy. Mrs. Murray. Mr. Paul. 

SEN. RAND PAUL (R-KY):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Purdue. 

SEN. DAVID PERDUE (R-GA):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Peters. 

SEN. GARY PETERS (D-MI):  No.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Portman. 

SEN. ROB PORTMAN (R-OH):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Reid. Mr. Risch.

SEN. JAMES RISCH (R-ID):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Roberts.

SEN. PAT ROBERTS (R-KS):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Romney. 

SEN. MITT ROMNEY (R-UT):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Rosen. Mr. Rounds. 

SEN. MIKE ROUNDS (R-SD):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Rubio.

SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Sanders.

SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (D-VT):  No.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Sasse.

SEN. BEN SASSE (R-NE):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Schatz. Mr. Schumer. Mr. Scott of Florida. 

SEN. RICK SCOTT (R-FL):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Scott of South Carolina. 

SEN. TIM SCOTT (R-SC):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mrs. Shaheen. Mr. Shelby. 

SEN. RICHARD SHELBY (R-AL):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Ms. Sinema. Ms. Smith. Ms. Stabenow. Mr. Sullivan. 

SEN. DAN SULLIVAN (R-AK):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Tester. Mr. Thune. 

SEN. JOHN THUNE (R-SD):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Tillis. 

SEN. THOM TILLIS (R-NC):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Toomey.

SEN. PAT TOOMEY (R-PA):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Udall. Mr. Van Hollen. Mr. Warner. Ms. Warren. Mr. 
Whitehouse. Mr. Wicker. 

SEN. ROGER WICKER (R-MS):  Aye.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Wyden. 

SEN. RON WYDEN (D-OR):  No.

UNIDENTIFIED MALE:  Mr. Young. 

SEN. TODD YOUNG (R-IN):  Aye.

MACCALLUM:  Some very dramatic thumbs down votes there. But this has gone 
through. And 52 votes for Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court. 

Shannon Bream, your thoughts on some of the political showmanship here with 
some, you know, vote and walk out essentially by all the Democrats? 

BREAM:  There has been a lot of drama around this particular nomination, 
confirmation process. It is something that's a lifetime appointment. It is 
critically important to both sides. And so not surprisingly we would have a 
little bit of drama tonight. 

We talked a little bit earlier about Senator Collins, Republican running 
for reelection in Maine voting no. I have to think that there was an 
understanding with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and other GOP 
leadership that she would vote no because they knew they were covered 
otherwise. She's in a tough race. That no vote may actually help her there. 
And there's a lot of conversation about whether the swiftness of this 
confirmation may cost the GOP and those Senate races in the fall. So, I got 
to think there was a deal in place for her to vote no because they felt 
they have the other boats to go forward. 

MACCALLUM:  Yes. Shannon, thank you. Also joining me Mike Davis. Former law 
clerk to Justice Neil Gorsuch who now works to confirm President Trump's 
judicial nominees as the Article III Project. Mike, your thoughts as this 
vote has now passed for Amy Coney Barrett. 

MIKE DAVIS, FORMER LAW CLERK TO JUSTICE GORSUCH:  This is a historic 
victory for President Trump. Then candidate Donald Trump in 2016 campaigned 
on the promise that he would transform the federal judiciary with judges 
who understood that there are modest but critical role is to follow the law 
and President Trump has done that with Justice Gorsuch, justice Kavanaugh. 
A near old time record 53 judges to the critically important federal 
important federal courts of appeals. And now Justice Amy Coney Barrett. 

MACCALLUM:  You know, your thoughts on Amy Coney Barrett and what kind of 
justice she will be. 

DAVIS:  She is a phenomenal Supreme Court justice. We saw this during her 
hearing. She's exceptionally well-qualified. She's going to bring a very 
unique perspective to the Supreme Court, as a mother of seven kids, two 
adopted from Haiti. One with down syndrome. She is number one in her class 
at Notre Dame Law School. Clerked on the Supreme Court for Justice Scalia. 
She's going to bring a nine Ivy League perspective to the Supreme Court 
which is desperately needed. 

MACCALLUM:  She says she's going to teach them something about football. 
And we know that it's very collegial on the Supreme Court so we expect that 
will happen. Thank you, Mike. Good to see you tonight.

That is THE STORY of Monday, October 26, 2020. But as always, THE STORY 
continues. Tucker picks up our coverage live right after this. Stay tuned, 
everybody. Have a great night.


Content and Programming Copyright 2020 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL 
RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2020 ASC Services II Media, LLC.  All materials 
herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be 
reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast 
without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may 
not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of 
the content.  