Headline: Ari Fleischer: First presidential debate was a 'trainwreck'
Sub-headline: No sub-headline found

  close 
     Video  Ari Fleischer: First presidential debate was a 'trainwreck' 
Former White House press secretary joins 'Hannity' for analysis and reaction to Cleveland confrontation 
This is a rush transcript from “Hannity" September 29, 2020. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated. 
        if (window && window.foxstrike && Array.isArray(window.foxstrike.cmd)) {
          window.foxstrike.cmd.push(function(Strike) {
            Strike.insertAd('tablet', 'lb2', 'tablet-tw-ad-lb2', '');
          });
        } else {
          console.error('Error: window.foxstrike not found');
        }
       
        if (window && window.foxstrike && Array.isArray(window.foxstrike.cmd)) {
          window.foxstrike.cmd.push(function(Strike) {
            Strike.insertAd('mobile', 'ban1', 'mobile-mw-ad-ban1', '');
          });
        } else {
          console.error('Error: window.foxstrike not found');
        }
      
SEAN HANNITY, FOX NEWS HOST: All right. Welcome to HANNITY. The very first 
presidential debate is now officially in the books andthe extremely weak, 
the frail, the confused, kind of angry Joe Biden just got steamrolled by 
President Trump. Joe, flat out, refused to answer simple, basic fundamental 
questions, unable to respond to the President's beat downs. And he appeared 
flustered, irritated, and well, cranky. Joe, maybe he's past his bedtime, 
probably stayed up too late, needs his nap.

Anyway, we have a lot of live reaction for the full hour analysis moments 
away. Donald Trump Jr. will be here. Sarah Sanders will be here. Dan 
Bongino. Judge Jeanine will also join us. Ari Fleischer will join us as 
well.

But first, let's start with Joe Biden, who once again refused to answer a 
simple basic fundamental question. Would he support packing the United 
States Supreme Court? He refuses to answer. Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

CHRIS WALLACE, FOX NEWS ANCHOR: Are you willing to tell the American people 
tonight, whether or not, you will support either ending the filibuster or 
packing the court?

BIDEN: Make sure you in fact let people know, your senators.

TRUMP: He doesn't want to answer the question.

BIDEN: I'm not going to answer the question, because the question is -- the 
question is -- 

TRUMP: -- radical left.

BIDEN: Will you shut up, man?

TRUMP: Listen, who is on your list, Joe?

(OVERLAPPING)

WALLACE: Gentlemen, I think we've -- 

(OVERLAPPING)

WALLACE: We have ended this segment. We're going to move on to the second 
segment.

BIDEN: That was really a productive segment, wasn't it?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

HANNITY: Shut up, Joe. He's running for president also. Jo won't answer a 
pivotal important question on whether or not he planned to destroy the U.S. 
Supreme Court with an illicit practice known as court packing, pretty much 
of a pathetic simple question. Why couldn't he answer?

Tonight, Joe wasn't just refusing to answer basic simple questions, at 
times, he can barely form a sentence, many, well, struggling moments Take a 
look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BIDEN: Twenty -- 200 million -- 200,000 people that have died on his watch 
there -- how many those that have survived? Well, there are seven million 
people that contracted COVID. He puts pressure anddisagrees with his own 
scientists.

WALLACE: But you're saying you can't -- you can't trust the science.

BIDEN: Well, no, no. You can't trust the scientist. He didn't -- she didn't 
say that. You can't -- 

WALLACE: She said that public health -- will be muzzled. We'll get the 
process.

BIDEN: Well, that's what he's going to try to do.

The way to open businesses is giving them thewherewithal to be able to 
open. We provided money the kind of -- 

WALLACE: But I was asking you, sir, about masks.

BIDEN: Well, masks make a big difference.

Billionaires have made another $300 billion because of his profligate tax 
proposal, and he only focuses on the market.

You have 19 -- 91 companies federal -- I mean, andthe Fortune 500 who 
don't pay a single penny in tax.

(OVERLAPPING)

WALLACE: Wait a minute, you get the final word.

BIDEN: Well, it's hard to get any word with this clown. Excuse me, this -- 

TRUMP: Hey, let me just say it.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

HANNITY: That's no wonder that Joe did while so little to improve the 
country. He's been nearly five decades in the swamp, the sewer that we call 
Washington D.C., as the President pointed out, also, numerous times 
tonight. Let's take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

TRUMP: Joe, I've done more -- in 47 months, I've done more than you've done 
in 47 years, Joe. We've done things that you never even thought of doing.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

HANNITY: Now instead of actually helping Americans, yes, 47 years Joe Biden 
was busy lining the pockets of his own family, inspite of him denying it, 
he's wrong. That includes zero experience Hunter Biden.

And as we have learned this week, we got Russian oligarchs, we got 
Ukrainian oligarchs, we got Russian nationals, we got Chinese nationals, 
Ukrainian nationals, Catholic nationals, who, yes, allin business. We have 
wire transfers, millions of dollars from Ukrainian, Russian oligarchs, 
shopping sprees, courtesy of China, people connected to the Communist Party 
of China, and of course, the $1.5 billion deal with theBank of China. But 
he denied it all, not true.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BIDEN: Trade deficit with Mexico -- 

WALLACE: All right. Gentlemen -- 

TRUMP: China ate your lunch, Joe. And no wonder your son goes in and he 
takes out what he takes out billions of dollars -- takes out billions of 
dollars to manage. He makes millions of dollars and, also, while we're at 
it, why is it -- just out of curiosity, the (INAUDIBLE) wife gave you some 
three and a half million dollars. What did he do todeserve it?

(END VIDEO CLIP)

HANNITY: Will the mob, the media, will they ever fact check Joe? Let's see.

Now, Tuesday, November 3rd, that is 34 days away, so much is at stake for 
this country. Joe Biden, card carrying member of thesewer, the swamp and 
he has been in Washington nearly 50 years with nothing to show for it, but 
a growing a bank account for his entire family.

Now, Joe, well, he's made a deal with the radical left. And in spite of his 
denial tonight, he did go along with the manifesto, a Bolshevik Bernie if 
elected, well, he might enter the Oval Office, but they will be in control. 
That's for sure.

Joining us now with reaction to tonight's debate, two former press 
secretaries. Fox News contributor's Ari Fleischer andSarah Sanders.

All right. So, I'm sure your text message in your inbox was probably as 
full of mine. One thing I've concluded at the end oftonight is it's 
basically you're going to get a gladiator warrior fighter in Donald Trump, 
a guy that is going to go to battle like he has for thelast four years, 
fighting for trade deals, fighting for his promises, getting the money for 
the wall, keep -- you know, everything that he says he's going to do, 
including battling COVID.

And with Joe Biden, you're going to bring -- what did he bring in 50 years, 
Sarah Sanders?

SARAH SANDERS, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Certainly, I think what we saw 
tonight, Donald Trump is absolutely a fighter, he has been since day one. 
It's the reason he's still standing. If he wasn't, he wouldn't be.

One of the biggest takeaways, I thought, was the big reminder of Joe 
Biden's willingness to shut down the economy again, which would be 
absolutely detrimental for American businesses, especially small 
businesses.

We also saw Donald Trump be very strong on Law and Order, while at the same 
time Joe Biden could name a single law enforcement endorsement that he has, 
not one. Those are still the top two issues that voters are voting on, the 
economy and law and order. The president should be hammering those 
vulnerabilities on Joe Biden every single day, day after day after day, all 
the way up to election day. Those are two of his biggest strengths, two of 
Joe Biden's biggest weaknesses.

I think he was great on those issues. He should keep hammering them all the 
way through up till November 3rd.

HANNITY: You know, Ari, I had to make a list because it's so long, I 
followed your tax laws, Joe. He talked about all themoney that Hunter 
made, he made that money. That's just the fact. There is no law enforcement 
support. He won't answer a simple question. We -- do you support stacking 
the courts? Do you support ending the legislative filibuster? What have you 
done in 47 years, Joe?

He did refer to African-Americans as super predators. The president could 
have mentioned that he also talked about integration in public schools and 
said they didn't want us kids go into schools that were racial jungles. He 
did sign on to the Bernie Manifesto. He did lie about the money that Hunter 
made. He lied about a lot of different things. And, you know, I actually 
prefer a new style of debate. Maybe we'll have it inthe future one day and 
that is let them go. Let just like -- you know, we like to watch football, 
warriors and gladiators in the octagon and boxers' box, let them go. Let 
them have at it and let the American people decide.

ARI FLEISCHER, FOX NEWS CONTRIBUTOR: Well, first of all, I thought that the 
President had the best line of the night when he said, I've done more in 47 
months than you've done in 47 years. That was a pretty good way to sum 
everything up.

And I still think that Joe Biden is leaving himself veryvulnerable because 
he just refuses to take a stand out of weakness. He acknowledges it. I 
won't give you an answer on court packing around filibuster because I don't 
want my answer to be the issue. What kind of leader or statesman answers a 
question like that? And the President's got tocontinue to hone in on that 
and what I would do as President say, I'll veto it, Joe. Will you veto it?

But, Sean, I've got to say, we're not electing gladiators, and this 
shouldn't be a food fight. I think this was a train wreck tonight. Both 
candidates, too much interruption, too much back and forth. And that's just 
not good for the country. And so, it -- there might be people who like to 
have this kind of thing for the entertainment value. I'm just not one of 
them.

I just think when you come to a debate, you should air the differences, 
occasionally interrupt, get the extra point in, poke your opponent. But 
this was way over the top tonight by both candidates and the president 
started it. Joe Biden returned the fire. Biden called him a clown. He 
called him a liar. He called him a racist. That doesn't serve any good 
purpose either.

HANNITY: Listen, everybody has stylistic differences. You know what, I've 
been in cable for -- and talk radio, 33 years cable, 25 years. I don't -- I 
don't run from a fight. I actually like it, because I think it's 
refreshing, and I also think it's real. And I think theAmerican people 
like real too. And the fact is, we are really divided, Ari, that is just a 
reality. This country is divided.

FLEISCHER: Yes, and it's real, Sean, I acknowledge that, of course. And 
that's been one of the President's greatest strengths. And one of the 
pushbacks I always get is the President is a fighter and you Republicans 
didn't fight, and I acknowledge that. I've credited thepresident with 
fighting.

My only point is dial it down two notches. Don't do it every question. 
Don't do it all the time. Do it often, do it sometimes. Don't do it almost 
all the time. Same thing with Biden, he didn't exactly lift himself up. He 
wasn't exactly a statesman of stature. And he interrupted himself regularly 
with pejoratives. But then he was also weak andcouldn't answer basic 
questions.

HANNITY: Sarah, you'll get the last word.

SANDERS: I think Ari -- I think Ari was exactly right. The line of the 
night that I think sums up so much of both of these candidates, Donald 
Trump has done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years. That 
contrast is very clear. I think the President would be smart to keep making 
that point. Talk about what he's done in those 47 months, and attack Biden 
for the things that he has failed to do that he had tofix when he came 
into office.

HANNITY: All right. Good to see you both. Ari Fleischer, thank you. Sarah 
Sanders, thank you.

Joe Biden, he didn't have a defense tonight for thecorruption allegations 
made against his son. If we had a media that did their job, they would 
point out that he had there are Russian oligarchs, there are Ukrainian 
oligarchs, Russian nationals, Chinese nationals, Ukrainian nationals, 
Kazakh nationals, all involved, wire transfers andzero experience. Hunter 
making millions of dollars. They don't bring it up. And by the way, you had 
the nerve to go after the President's family. Thepresident wasn't having 
any of that. Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

BIDEN: Here's the deal. We want to talk about families and ethics, I don't 
want to do that. I mean, his family, we could talk about all night, his 
family's -- 

TRUMP: My family lost the fortune by coming down and helping others with 
governance.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

HANNITY: All right. Joining us now to respond, President Trump's son, 
Donald Trump, Jr. You know, we both have been COVID tested. This is not -- 

DONALD TRUMP, JR., DONALD TRUMP'S SON: We've been tested. I don't want to 
get -- they'll throw us in the Gulag.

HANNITY: Where's my mask?

All right. So, you're sitting in here. I'm watching it. Look, I understand. 
I grew up. I played hockey; we dropped the gloves every day. Some people 
probably think it's too hot. It's -- but it was both sides. But at the end 
of the day, I look at your dad. And my take is, well, if he didn't fight 
back against the deep state, if he didn't fight for themoney for the wall, 
if China and Japan and Mexico and our Western European allies and Canada 
didn't believe that he meant it on trade deals, they wouldn't have had -- 

TRUMP, JR.: What about peace in the Middle East, Sean? That happened, not 
because of people like Joe Biden who have been ingovernment for 47 years, 
but because Donald Trump took a different approach. And when he said he's 
going to do something, they believed him.

So, you know, it was obviously combative. But I think you also have to 
look, and the American people have to understand, you know, what Donald 
Trump has been through impeachment hoax, Russia, collusion nonsense. 
There's actual Russia collusion now. Literally, wire transfers from a known 
associate of Vladimir Putin to Joe Biden's son.

There's a first lady of Moscow, she happens to be a billionaire. But guess 
what, you don't become a billionaire first lady ofMoscow without 
connections to Vladimir Putin. Now, it's there. For four years, I get to 
hear about me. You know, that's something -- they were hoping that I did a 
fraction of what Hunter did, I'd be in jail right now.

HANNITY: You had one meeting and you spent three years of your life.

TRUMP, JR.: Now, paid for by the DNC, acknowledged. The FBI was working 
with a known Russian agent, you know, a known spy, and it's like, oh, now, 
we don't want to hear anything about it. So, you know, if there's a 
competitive nature where you come out hot of thebox, you know, it's 
because he's had to deal with that. He's had towatch his family be 
subjected or he had to be subjected himself.

And by the way, more importantly, he still delivered for the American 
people because that was the reality. Joe Biden couldn't answer what he's 
done for 47 years. Joe Biden talks about race. That's wonderful. What did 
he do about it? Nothing.

You talked about what he did. You talked about his statements, his 
comments. Donald Trump is the guy that got prison reform done. Alice 
Johnson was one of our guests tonight. She flew over here with us today, 
one of the first people.

HANNITY: Don Jr., criminal justice reform. He got opportunity zones, 
historically black colleges, police reform, record-low unemployment, 
African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans, Asian-Americans, women in the 
workplace, youth unemployment. I thought one ofthe most powerful lines of 
the night too is on COVID. Joe, if we were to listen toyou, you're afraid, 
you call him the travel ban, 10 days after the firstcase of corona.

TRUMP, JR: A hundred percent. It was racist. I mean, at what point in time 
-- was it racist to shut down travel from theepicenter of a deadly viral 
outbreak? Any other place that I've ever known, Sean, that would be called 
common sense. But Joe can't get out of the way ofthe woke mob, he has to 
try to appease them. It's why he couldn't do anything about police 
officers. It's why he couldn't -- in the DNC and no Democrat said anything 
about the violence going on in the cities because they don't want to upset 
their base. And that's really problematic.

HANNITY: How does it go over with him actually denying the Biden-Bernie -- 
Bolshevik Bernie Manifesto, which he agreed to?

TRUMP, JR.: Well, beyond that, I mean, they talk about the Green New Deal, 
you know, they'll say, you know, well, it was $93 trillion, not the hundred 
trillion dollars that my father had said. I mean, that's the reality. 
That's how these things will be factcheck. They'll say, well, Trump wasn't 
strong enough on white supremacy. I mean, he denounced everything, first of 
all, right there.

More importantly, he literally, for the first American president, made the 
KKK domestic terrorist organization last week. So, you know, they will spin 
that, but they will neglect the facts. And that's thepoint.

If I did what Hunter did, I'd be in jail, but that's not a fact. If our FBI 
did this to an incoming President Barack Obama, or an incoming Joe Biden, 
it would be the biggest scandal in American political history. When it 
happens to Trump, that's OK, because we don't like Trump. We don't want 
someone who's actually going to be effective. We don't want someone who's 
actually going to take us out of these wars, these endless wars, the things 
that Joe Biden would push us for, you know, tax policy, that is asinine. 
Joe Biden made the tax policy. They want to give Donald Trump a hard time 
for playing by their rules. It's ridiculous.

HANNITY: I always said, America knew what they were electing in your dad in 
2016. That is an iconoclast, somebody that is not part of the swamp, 
somebody that is there to break down the system. This is what draining the 
swamp looks like, and it's not pretty.

TRUMP, JR.: It isn't, it' not, and the swamp has teeth, as we've found out. 
I mean, look at what they've tried to do to him throughout, look at all the 
lies, you know, everyone's running with anonymous sources. I've seen more 
anonymous store stuff that falls and gets debunked, after they get one week 
to run with the story as though it's the gospel. You know, that's the real 
problem.

And so, you know, if there is a frustration, where my father then comes out 
and comes out aggressively, it's because they've been doing this for four 
years, they talk about a peaceful transition of power. The American 
Republic has existed for 243 years. Obama andBiden were the first people 
to not have a peaceful transition of power. They tried to weaponize their 
friends in government and the highest levels ofAmerican law enforcement to 
try to combat this president, the duly elected President of the United 
States.

They're playing games with balance all over theplace. You saw the 
Pennsylvania, you saw the O'Keeffe stuff, you know, and we're supposed to 
pretend like it doesn't happen, because theDemocrats control the media. 
So, they won't highlight very obvious things just like, again, they're not 
going to highlight Hunter's connection to Xi andChina governmental 
investment, they're not going to talk about him being tied to money to 
Putin, and human trafficking and prostitution rings. That's off limits.

It's the kind of stuff if I did it -- if I did a fraction of it, it would 
be the biggest scandal, it would be the biggest story for weeks. It would 
single handedly disqualify my phone from being there, because the media 
would say 100 -- it's like no big deal. It's not really a problem. It's OK 
for him.

HANNITY: You know, things evolve in a country, things evolve in, you know -
- we supposedly celebrate free speech in this country. Why would I be very 
interested in put the two candidates on the stage for two hours and let 
them go at it? Let them take it on.

TRUMP, JR: I think it'd be great. Listen, we've seen that, we knew that was 
coming anyway with a Chris Wallace. You know, we understand he's a Fox guy, 
but he's no -- he's no conservative. He's going to be -- and he's no 
centrist either. You know, that's sort of the nature ofthis game. And I 
think that's why -- you know why my father has toplay it that way. He's 
got to combat that, because he's not just fighting conservative ideas 
versus liberal ideas.

I mean, he's taking on a main -- a multibillion dollar mainstream media 
complex. You know, Joe Biden can hide in thebasement. He doesn't have to 
get out and do campaign rallies. The media will do that for him. He can sit 
there for months and do a debate prep because no one's going to ask him a 
question as to why he's not taking any questions.

HANNITY: How do you get away with not answering -- whether you stack the 
court or not?

TRUMP, JR.: Because you know what the answer is. He knows what the answer 
is. So, he doesn't want to lie now for when he eventually does it, but it's 
no secret. Amy Coney Barrett -- she's the reason they're now talking about 
this. They were talking about this two months ago before Ruth Bader 
Ginsburg passed away, you know.

And Donald Trump was right, Ruth Bader Ginsburg said the president is the 
president for four years, not a fraction of that, not three years. She's -- 
he's the president for four years, so he should fill thecourt.

HANNITY: I found that as strange answers by Biden because he's like, well, 
you have to have an election. Well, we had an election, he's the president. 
It's happened 29th time in election years.

TRUMP, JR.: Well, you're in an election -- like so, you mean he's not the 
president till, you know, January or whatever it is? Well, of course he is. 
So, it's an asinine answer. But again, no one's going to call him out on 
that very real fact. There are people watching inAmerica right now that 
think, oh, well, because an election, that's different. Like you're only 
partially president because you're in an election year.

It's ridiculous, but by not contesting it, by not saying, well, that's not 
how it works. That's not how the constitution written. OK. That's not what 
Obama said. That's not what Biden said. It's not what Ginsburg said. It's 
not what Schumer said. It's not what Pelosi said, in'16 with Merrick 
Garland. The differences, they didn't control theSenate and they didn't 
have the votes.

HANNITY: How do you feel, as we now see all these instances? I mean -- and 
it seems to be every swing state, we have issues inPennsylvania, we have 
issues in North Carolina, we have issues inWisconsin, as it relates to, 
oh, let's change the rules. Let's extend out the days in which we'll 
actually count votes.

TRUMP, JR.: Well, it's a big problem. It's happening inall of the states 
that have Democrat control, right? Because that's how they play their 
games. They're -- they don't have a ground game. They haven't bothered to 
try to step that up. They haven't done door knocking, they don't have to. 
Their plan is to start all of this on November 4th, when they can start 
just litigating it, contesting it. And you know inplaces like 
Pennsylvania, where you have a Democrat governor and a Democrat state 
legislator, that's why it was so critical for my father say, hey, you guys 
got to get out there and vote.

You know, this has to be a landslide. If it's in themargins, these guys 
are going to play games. Ballots are going to be coming in for weeks, and 
probably months afterwards. They will magically allbe 100 percent for Joe 
Biden because we've seen how this works. We've seen this game play out too 
many times. The Republicans don't win special elections once they go past 
election night.

HANNITY: Amazing how Pennsylvania, every ballot was cast for your dad that 
was in the garbage can.

TRUMP, JR.: From the military, you know. And again, that doesn't mean what 
-- but the notion also that absentee balloting isperfect. Well, this is an 
absentee ballot. Mailing, states that have never done this before doing a 
dry run with literally hundreds of millions ofpotential ballots. That's 
not the same as an absentee ballot system like you have in Florida that has 
worked for years.

There are differences, but they tried to take andconflate the issues. They 
try to say, oh, no. Well, it works in Florida. Yes, in a system that's been 
tried and proven and tested. The Democrats don't want the signatures to 
have to match up on ballots across the -- like please explain to me -- give 
me one reason, Sean, one reason why the signature of the person who's 
saying they're voting who's registered to vote should not have to match, 
unless you're trying to steal the election, which ofcourse they are.

HANNITY: In 2016, when I went to the DNC convention, I needed a photo ID. 
And usually, I go there, the guy says, Hi, Mr. Hannity. I need your I.D.

TRUMP, JR.: Well, you're obviously racist, Sean. You're obviously racist. 
That's their answer for everything. I mean, it's asinine. I mean, if you 
can't figure out how to get an ID in this country, it's one of the easiest 
things in the world.

HANNITY: It is the biggest choice election this country -- 

I got to let you go. I appreciate you stopping by.

TRUMP, JR.: Thank you very much.

HANNITY: Elbows out. Right? (INAUDIBLE)

Anyway, long story.

TRUMP, JR.: Good to see you.

HANNITY: All right. Coming up. A lot more to cover from tonight's 
presidential debate. Judge Jeanine Pirro, Mercedes Schlapp, Dan Bongino. 
Were in his home city. Leo 2.0 will join us live as we continue from 
Cleveland. Thank you for being with us.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

HANNITY: All right. Tonight, President Trump forcefully defended his 
nomination to the United States Supreme Court, Judge Amy Coney Barrett, as 
well as his constitutional duty to fill that Supreme Court vacancy. I don't 
know, Joe said we have to have an election. We had an election 29 times in 
election years, we've had vacancies on the U.S. Supreme Court. All 29 times 
the president, at the time, they put forward a nominee. This is no 
different. Take a look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

TRUMP: We won the election. Elections have consequences. We have the 
Senate, we have the White House, and we have a phenomenal nominee, 
respected by all. We won the election and, therefore, we have the right to 
choose her. And very few people knowingly would say otherwise.

And by the way, the Democrats, they wouldn't even think about not doing it. 
If they had -- the only difference is they try and do it faster. There's no 
way they would give it up.

Justice Ginsburg said very powerfully, very strongly. At some point, 10 
years ago or so, she said a president and the Senate is elected for a 
period of time, but a president is elected for four years. We're not 
elected for three years. I'm not elected for three years. So, we have the 
Senate, we have a president during that period oftime -- during that 
period of time, we have an opening.

(END VIDEO CLIP)

HANNITY: All right. Joining us now with reaction, she is the host of 
"JUSTICE," author of a brand-new book, "Don't Lie to Me." By the way, I 
would never recommend doing that. Judge Jeanine Pirro is with us. 2020 
campaign Senior Advisor, Mercedes Schlapp. She like Don Jr. has also been 
COVID tested. We all have our great bands to prove the point. OK. So, let's 
get your take on the night.

MERCEDES SCHLAPP, DONALD TRUMP 2020 CAMPAIGN SENIOR ADVISOR: Well, I think 
the President absolutely dominated this debate, quite frankly. He could 
have been the moderator, but we won't tell Chris Wallace that.

But, you know, there -- it was very clear that -- 

HANNITY: I don't want a moderator. And this is no diss on Chris. I like 
Chris and I -- but I just -- I'd rather than go at it.

SCHLAPP: I kind of agree. I think -- I think that -- look, Joe Biden wanted 
to keep attacking the president. The President wanted to defend his record, 
rightfully so. Joe Biden came across weak. He continued to not give direct 
answers on questions like, will you pack the court? Or what's your stance 
on the Green New Deal, which it seems like he flip flopped on that as well.

HANNITY: He denied the Bolshevik Bernie Manifesto, which he agreed to.

SCHLAPP: That's right. And the President pointed that out strongly. And I 
think that for Joe Biden, it definitely did not give a very clear direction 
on where he would take America other than he kept shifting. It was like the 
shifting of Joe Biden. Well, I think President Trump made it very clear 
that he is providing economic growth and prosperity for our nation, and 
combating coronavirus and developing the vaccine -- and it's a laundry list 
of accomplishments by the President that he addressed. 

HANNITY: You know, as I predicted, Judge, I did -- I believe coming into 
this the Joe Biden probably spent all these, you know, lid days, which is 
half of the month of September and pretty much staying in his basement 
bunker the whole time. You know, learning his three or four points. But 
even then, I don't know what you call it a brain fart? I mean, he gets lost 
he digresses, he gets confused. He's, I felt like I'm looking at it, you 
know, confused, you know, corpse, versus this, this never -- every, this 
energizer buddy that's ready for battle and combat.

JEANINE PIRRO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL HOST: You know, I talk -- when I talk about 
the President, I talk about the President is being thekind of guy who goes 
into the lion's den and he comes out with a pelt over his shoulder and his 
tie straight. You know, and tonight was an example of that. I mean, Joe 
Biden kept looking down. I don't know, his eyes look close to me; kept 
looking down and writing. But I didn't -- I'll tell you what bothered me, 
Sean. 

What bothered me was the name calling, that he told the president to shut 
up. He called him a liar. He called him a clown. He called him a racist. 
Aside from that, the fact that he wouldn't answer thequestion that the 
American people are entitled to know whether pack the court, and then the 
whole thing on the filibuster advancing Antifa is just an idea. I mean, 
really, are you stupid too, Joe? And then the next question, when he was 
talking about reimagining policing, what does that mean? 

Did you hear what Joe Biden said? Joe Biden said: Well, we want 
sociologists and psychologists to go with the police when they respond. And 
I think his exact words were: "to keep the police from using force." 
Really? We train the police on how to act insituations, and now, Joe wants 
to send a psychologist and sociologists with thepolice to not only stop 
them from using force, but to end up in the line oftrouble themselves. I 
mean, Joe Biden's ideas --

HANNITY: Name the law enforcement agency that supported you, Joe. Named -- 
and then he just flat out lied about Hunter. I mean, provable lies that the 
medias let him get away with all the time.

PIRRO: He kept saying it's discredited, it's debunked. By whom? I kept 
tweeting: "By home is it debunked? We know there's bank records. We know 
there are people who can confirm this. He just says it's a lie, and we're 
supposed to accept that. Joe Biden cannot come out and look as weak as he 
did, as timid as he did, and think that he could run this country. And you 
know what, Sean, I want to see Joe Biden out there tomorrow fighting. I 
don't want to hear that he's in his house relaxing tomorrow, because this 
has taken such a toll on him.

HANNITY: Now the lid usually goes on at about 9:30, he needs his hot cocoa 
and his little nap.

SCHLAPP: But let's remember, the idea is, is that it's the far left that's 
controlling Joe Biden at the end of the day. That's why he couldn't even 
give a clear answer. So, when the President kept pressing, tell me, do you 
just -- are you going to say law and order? Andyou're going to say law 
enforcement? Joe Biden would not answer that question. Joe Biden does not 
stand for law and order. 

He does not stand with our law enforcement. Andit's why you seen all these 
associations align themselves with President Trump, because at the end of 
the day, what we want is safe communities. And yes, Joe Biden, we believe 
in community policing, we don't believe inreimagining public safety, which 
is exactly what Joe Biden is pushing. So, I got --

HANNITY: There are people in this country that, that would like somebody 
that just plays by the rules, and plays polite, anddoesn't interrupt, and, 
and does everything the nice, nice way. I don't see how you fight the deep 
state now with all that we've learned. This was a conspiracy organized by 
Clinton from the get go. They knew that Steele's source was a Russian 
operative for 10 years. We find all. 

Now, we got Russian oligarchs, Ukrainian oligarchs, China nationals, Kazakh 
nationals, Ukrainian nationals, Russian nationals, allthe funding -- it's 
so corrupt, and it's like it's the exact opposite ofwhat the country has 
heard the last four years. Now, it's all out there. Now, there's so much to 
consume in such a little period of time before theelection. But Donald 
Trump was elected on this. He was elected to be a disrupting iconic class 
that is going to fight and win and get things done, and his list is 
impressive.

SCHLAPP: It is very impressive. And I think for Joe Biden, the biggest 
problem that he's having, is that he when it comes to Hunter Biden -- 
you're talking about corruption. You're talking about Joe Biden's family 
ties to China to Russia.

HANNITY: Millions. 

SCHLAPP: And he would not answer that question.

HANNITY: He lied.

SCHLAPP: He did lie, and that's the thing. And that iswhy the President 
kept pressing on Joe Biden to say you need toaddress this Hunter Biden 
issue which he refused, rejected the concept; and I think that was a big 
mistake on Biden's part. 

HANNITY: Judge, we'll give you the last word.

PIRRO: Well, I think that Joe Biden has disappointed just about everyone 
tonight. He's disappointed the left because he said that to his vice-
presidential candidate, and AOC, who's supposed tobe in charge of the 
Green New Deal, and he's got his own deal. I mean, he's disappointed 
Americans when he said to them, I'm not going totell you what I want to 
pack the court, I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to put on the 
court. And then law and order. 

You know, we tried to get out from saying, you know, that he wasn't in 
support of it. Couldn't say it. I mean, he lost tonight, as far as I'm 
concerned. He lost people on every side, because the guy's not a fighter, 
and he's not going to fight for you. He's got a lot inlines that he 
memorized, but they didn't work. And they're he's not genuine. He's not 
convincing.

HANNITY: You know, it's funny, they always say every election cycle that 
the American people pull, they don't like negative ads. People say, oh, 
they don't like combativeness. The America that I live in, they like 
hockey, they like the octagon, they like boxing, they like football, they 
like, they like our warriors. 

And I think when it comes down to for the American people, the choice is 
going to be: Do you want somebody who's going togo to battle and war with 
a force of energy that is unmatched versus pretty much, you know, a half 
away corpse that you know, barely can memorize his lines and never leaves 
his basement bunker. 

It becomes that fundamental to me. And I think theAmerican people, they 
might tell not tell the pollsters, but I think theAmerican people, they 
want somebody that is going to get record low unemployment again and fight 
for them. Oh, well see in 34 days. They're theultimate jury. Judge, thank 
you. Mercedes, great to see you.

SCHLAPP: Great to see you too. 

HANNITY: The (INAUDIBLE). 

SCHLAPP: Matt Schlapp is managing --

HANNITY: Matt Schlapp is managed by about how many girls?

SCHLAPP: I hope you're OK. Five, five girls.

HANNITY: Thank you both. All right, thank you both. We'll continue our 
coverage. Another powerful moment tonight, thepresident raising important 
concerns about Joe Biden's huge problems, didn't mention law order, safety, 
security, and American cities the President came kept hammering, and then 
he couldn't name one law enforcement group that's supported him. Take a 
look.

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) 

TRUMP: The Crime Bill 1994, where you call them Super Predators, African 
Americans are super predators. And they've never forgotten that. So, you 
did that, and they call you a super predator. And I'm letting people out of 
jail now that you have treated the African American population community; 
you have treated the black community about as bad as anybody in this 
country. You did the 99 -- and that's why, if you look at the polls, I'm 
doing better than any Republican has done in a long time, because they saw 
what you did. 

You call them super predators, and you've called them worse than that. You 
can't even say the word law enforcement because if you say those words, 
you're going to lose all of your radical left supporters. We believe in law 
and order, but you don't. The top 10 cities in just about the top 40 cities 
are run by Democrats and in many cases, radical left and they've got you 
wrapped around their finger, Joe.

(END VIDEO CLIP) 

HANNITY: All right here with reaction: Fox NewsContributor, Dan Bongino, 
Fox News Correspondent-At-Large, we are in his hometown in home city with 
competing with competing lawn signs. Thank you, my friend. And Leo, where's 
the hat, Leo? Where's that tonight?

LEO TERRELL, ATTORNEY: I'm here (INAUDIBLE) -- I'm angry. I'm ready. I'm 
angry. Let's go!

HANNITY: Why are you angry? Why are you angry? That's the only a 1.0. 
Usually, you used to get angry with me.

TERRELL: I'm not -- I'm angry at the fact that Donald Trump has to fight 
24/7 to get the message. Is Donald Trump versus the left-wing media. So, 
hey, look, I agree. Donald Trump should be a gladiator. I did an op-ed 
piece for Fox saying: can Joe Biden win my vote back? No, absolutely not. 
Let me tell you, he's a liar. Joe Biden is a liar. Systemic injustice? What 
is that. He lied tonight. And as far as the violence inthe cities, he 
lied. He's had no plan. 

And Joe Biden is not a friend to African American. I wish I was Chris 
Wallace for five minutes. I want to say, Joe, what have you done for black 
America? For the last 40 years? What have you done? I wish I was Chris 
Wallace, because Joe Biden didn't explain why Black voters should vote for 
him. So, I'm upset. Donald Trump, keep fighting, keep fighting because you 
cannot trust the media.

HANNITY: You know, there was other stuff he could have brought up too. We 
have brought it up on this program, praising theformer Klansmen that 
filibustered the Civil Rights Act of 64, it was against the Voting Rights 
Act. We fought against integration of public schools with the former 
Klansmen because he didn't want his kids in go into public schools that are 
racial jungles. Record low unemployment, Geraldo Rivera for every minority 
group in this country. That was Trump, that wasn't Biden. That wasn't 
Biden, that wasn't Obama.

GERALDO RIVERA, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CORRESPONDENT-AT-LARGE: You know, I want 
to I want to get to the record low unemployment inthe African American 
community. But first, let me defend Chris Wallace. I mean, my God, the guy 
signed up to moderate a debate, debate and ended up trying to referee a 
knife fight. You know, I was worried the President came on, you know, his 
big footing and I was afraid is going to be accused of bullying. And then 
guess what, Joe Biden decided to grapple with him. So, you had like a --

HANNITY: Geraldo, wait a second. Wait a second.

RIVERA: -- was the Ultimate Fighter. He became a boxer. He didn't do so 
well against Mayweather.

HANNITY: I actually liked your old T.V. show, because there was a lot of 
fighting on your old T.V. show. 

GERALDO: I know. I know. But on the on the issues, let me see. The 
President's strongest argument was law and order. And you're absolutely 
right, that Joe Biden's most uncomfortable moment, when he was asked by the 
president who demanded to know what police department had endorsed Joe 
Biden, and Joe Biden could not answer. I thought that, that was the 
President's best moment. Joe Biden in the race andthe race relations and 
racist stuff, you know, among those pejoratives calling the president a 
clown, and shut up man and, and all the rest of that. 

But I thought that the President of the United States could have said I'm 
against the white supremacists as, as represented by proud boys or, or some 
group or some he could have KKK, he could have limited it in enough so he 
could have addressed that issue and dismissed it and put it behind him. 
Instead, he was, he was kind of like playing around. I didn't like that he 
equivocated when he could have slam dunk that. Allin all, I, I don't think 
that tonight helped either of these of these people. I thought that Joe 
wasn't sharp and the President and I thought was so forceful at times that 
I thought he was going to try and eat Joe Biden literally on the stage. 

HANNITY: We have a couple of polls that have come out Dan Bongino. Spanish 
speaking viewers Telemundo express their preference Trump's 66-Biden 34. 
Then we have WGN. Their poll: Trump 60, Biden 30. So, early reviews, 
instant response since then polls. I'm sure the, you know, the mainstream 
media will, will have corrupt polls, as they always do, but those are two 
flash polls we have already.

DAN BONGINO, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: Yes, I'm watching the post-
debate spin. I'm listening to Geraldo. And I've got totell you, Sean, 
people are reading this all wrong. You clearly didn't watch what I watched 
here. Trump had a strategy and I think Geraldo I'm sorry, but I think you 
missed it. Trump's strategy tonight was executed brilliantly. What did he 
want to do? He knows what I think Geraldo ismissing. This is a base 
election. Forget independence. It's a base election. You need to understand 
that. So, Trump is an apex predator. He's the Lion King. Trump went out 
there tonight and did what Trump does. 

He's the shark in the ocean, and he acted like it. He lost no one from his 
base. No one. But what did he do to Biden, Shawn, why do you think he 
brought up that predator's remark? Why do you think he brought up the Green 
New Deal? Why do you think he brought up government run health care and the 
public option? Because he wanted Biden on therecord saying he doesn't 
support that stuff? Well, what's that going to do? That's going to alien a 
Biden's base. Biden lost everything tonight with his base. This is a base 
like you totally miss Trump strategy. That's exactly --

(CROSSTALK) 

BONGINO: And it's not far-fetched. That's how we un --

(CROSSTALK) 

HANNITY: Hello! Hang on a second. Hang on! Guys!

(CROSSTALK) 

HANNITY: Let's just go one at a time. Hold on. Hold on. Geraldo -- Geraldo, 
help me out here. Geraldo first, then Leo, then Dan. Go.

RIVERA: This election is not about either base. This election that what you 
saw tonight in the next two debates, if there are two more debates, is all 
about the five, to seven, to eight percent who are truly undecided in the 
middle. I don't think that Biden saying, shut up man, or the president 
saying, you know, China ate your lunch, is going to -- I think, actually, 
China ate your lunch is a pretty good line by thePresident. But when he's 
speaking over and being a bully, you know, I'm not sure that that is 
swaying the undecided voters. Dan Bongino is so (INAUDIBLE) --

BONGINO: My turn. My turn.

RIVERA: -- this is a base election. This is more than a base election. This 
is about the undecided. It is almost always a thin sliver in the middle. 

HANNITY: Filibustering. Leo. Leo.

TERRELL: My turn. Thank you very much. That's inside the beltway talk, 
Geraldo. Dan Bongino is absolutely right. Donald Trump is trying to 
resonate and inflame his base, enlarging his base -- loyal supporters. And 
let me be very clear, Donald Trump has to fight 24/7. That marginal four, 
five or six you're talking about --

RIVERA: That's 42 percent.

TERRELL: Let me finish. It's my turn. Is, is the fact that Donald Trump has 
to make his base knows what he stands for. 

HANNITY: We got to get Dan in. Dan?

BONGINO: Yes, as usual, Geraldo is wrong, completely wrong. Well, he 
doesn't understand this with Donald Trump may lose -- he's just wrong. 
What, you know, what he loses in independents, who were still persuadable, 
he gains with massive turnout unforeseen inAmerican history for a 
Republican candidate for president, and Biden did the exact opposite. The 
enthusiasm for Biden, Geraldo, is exactly zero after tonight on the left.

HANNITY: All right. Good to see you three. Good tosee you all. Geraldo, 
thank you for your great hospitality. Great, great town. All right. Up 
next, more highlights from the first presidentialdebate. Matt Gaetz and 
Tammy Bruce weigh in as we continue live tonight from Cleveland. Thank you 
for being with Fox News.

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) 

TRUMP: Listen to Joe talking about a transition. There's been no transition 
from when I won, I won that election. And if you look at Crooked Hillary 
Clinton, if you look at all of the different people, there was no 
transition because they came after me, trying to do a coup. They came after 
me spying on my campaign. They started from theday I won, and even before 
I won. From the day, I came down the escalator with our First Lady. 

They were a disaster. They were disgrace to our country. And we've caught 
them. We've caught them all. We've got it all on tape. We've caught them 
all. And by the way, you gave the idea for the Logan Act against General 
Flynn. You better take a look at that because we put you in a sense and 
President Obama was sitting in the office, he knew about it too. So, don't 
tell me about a free transition.

(END VIDEO CLIP) 

HANNITY: President blasting Joe Biden for all thedeep state corruption of 
the Obama administration at tonight's debate. Joining us now with their 
reaction: Florida Congressman Matt Gaetz, he's got his new book out there 
"Firebrand," and by the way, a top seller; and FoxNews Contributor Tammy 
Bruce. You know, I'm a little old school. And I like a fighter. And Donald 
Trump, I don't think would have accomplished anything his president, fought 
back against the deep state if he was not a fighter. I think Joe Biden 
descending into whatever confusion and, andflashes of anger and brain 
lapses and digressions. I don't think he helped himself, Matt Gaetz.

REP. MATT GAETZ (R-FL): Joe Biden did look frail. Here's the question 
America: which of those two men are you picking togo up against President 
Xi in a negotiation about your job? I'm picking Trump. I'm not picking 
slow-basement-dwelling, Joe Biden. I'll tell you who Qasem Soleimani, and 
al-Baghdadi, and Osama bin Laden would pick. They'd pick Joe Biden. You 
know, Trump killed two of them and Joe Biden was against killing the third. 

And so, I think that the President wins the debatealso, when he makes Joe 
Biden the candidate of lockdowns. President Trump showed empathy when he 
talked about the impacts of these lockdowns on people's lives, and that's 
not Washington nonsense. That's exactly what's happening at the kitchen 
table for America's families. And I think also President Trump made Joe 
Biden the candidate of the mob. It was just sad when Trump pressed Joe 
Biden for a single law enforcement organization that supported him. 

And by the way, Sean, mostly they support Democrats, they're unions. These 
are police unions that in a lot of state and local races back the 
Democratic candidate, but they're all backing President Trump because they 
see Joe Biden, the candidate of the mob. Veryeffective night for the 
president. He was the only strong leader in thedebate. He came prepared 
for the debate. He probably came prepared tomoderate it. I thought 
President Trump's questions were better than Chris Wallace's.

HANNITY: You know, look, Tammy, riots law andorder calling out rightly 
Hunter, the Mayor of Moscow. Hunter -- Joe's comments about super predator. 
I followed your tax laws if we would have followed your plan of xenophobia 
and not having the travel ban. He couldn't name anybody in law enforcement. 
I -- you know, I honestly on issue after issue, I didn't really see Joe 
Biden scoring on the substance either.

TAMMY BRUCE, FOX NEWS CHANNEL CONTRIBUTOR: No, and, and look, a lot of 
people were saying, Well, look, a lot of new people are going to be 
watching this. They're going to see what you know what Joe Biden can do, 
because they've heard so much. It was a very low bar that he was able to go 
over. But what they also saw was not the same Joe Biden, they saw a number 
of years ago. 

And what they saw and President Trump is the guy that they've known. This 
is not a surprise President Trump, he was I think, being actually gentle. 
But this was a President Trump, who cares about what he's built for this 
country, who cares that he got us back on our feet, he does not want to let 
that go, like dropping it back down into the deepest part of the ocean for 
all of us to drown. 

He is invested, literally, in making sure that he can continue this job, 
because otherwise it's going to go all the hell andhe knows that. This is 
a man who is a man of action. He is a man ofpassion. And his best deal is, 
is to be himself, is to not try to -- I know some people were saying, oh, 
it was almost going to be a bully. No, this is a man who is going to stand 
up for his family and his family now is the United States. His family is 
your family, and he's and he's making it work. 

Joe Biden noted several conspiracy theories that have been debunked already 
that the media pushed. You've got a man who refused to answer -- I noted 
that people wanted to hear policies, finally, from Joe Biden -- he wouldn't 
even give us that. He wouldn't say if he would support an ending of the 
filibuster or packing the Supreme Court, as though we're infants and can't 
handle the real news or the truth. That is insulting. It is something the 
American people don't like, and I think it was a loss for him.

HANNITY: And he does not suffer swamp fools and47 years of nothing, just 
broke it all down into that. What have you done? Nothing in 47 years. And 
he has no patience for anybody in the swamp, andfrankly, neither do I. OK, 
I agree with both of you. Thank you more HANNITYafter this, live from 
Cleveland. 

(COMMERCIAL BREAK)

HANNITY: -- plan that you're not going to want tomiss. We'll be back a 
regular time. 9:00 p.m. Eastern. I hope you set (ph) your DVR. Never miss 
an episode of HANNITY. Let not your heart be troubled. 

I'm dying to hear what Laura Ingraham has to say next. 

Laura?  
 
Content and Programming Copyright 2020 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL 
RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2020 ASC Services II Media, LLC.  All materials 
herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be 
reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast 
without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may 
not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of 
the content.  